would be like that.
I'm absolutely cooking. I'm doing things
that I I shouldn't be able to be done
with so quickly. And I'm absolutely
cooking. I'm doing things that I
shouldn't be able to be done with so
quickly. And I'm absolutely cooking. I'm
absolutely cooking.
He's absolutely cooking.
What is this one?
Close that one.
Transcript agent running now. What is
this one?
Stream observer agent.
Oh, yeah. I need that one as well.
Mhm.
All right. I think we're Gucci.
We are live. We are live.
Okay, there we go. We're good. We're
good.
Okay, so we are totally live here.
Live and in brown color.
Living live. Living fly.
Good. We're good. Okay, so we are
totally live here. You actually live?
I'm live, dude. This is a replay.
It's a live replay.
Live replay
on Saturday,
March 2nd.
Live replay.
I done [__] you guys up. I [__] your
trust up. Good,
good, bro. Good, good, good, good.
I don't want you to ever know if I'm
live or not.
I really don't.
I want you to never know.
You'll never know. You'll never know.
What's up, John? We jumping, baby. Let's
get some jumps in.
Oh, let's get some jumps. I'mma get 50
real quick. I'm already on 18.
Feels good, John. Thank you for coming
through, bro.
Thank you for coming through. Thank you
for coming through. Thank you for coming
through. Let's get it. There we go. 50.
All right. Now, let's go ahead and open
the Zoom as well.
>> I shot you down. Oh,
>> recording in progress.
one. Go
unmute.
Start video.
All right. What's up, bro? What's up,
what's up? What's up? Good morning. Good
morning. Good morning. All right, let's
go ahead and get you the key. First
things first, first things first, let's
get you that keys, bees.
So, how do I even do that? It's been so
long.
Daily stream. Here we go. I got this
daily stream thing. And I have a note
sheet of how to get the key. Here it is.
It's a scripty script. So, let's go
ahead and um just grab that key for you
bees.
Please go ahead and uh deactivate the
old key and send the new key. Thank you.
Clock code was down yesterday, huh?
I didn't feel too good.
I told you they were going to get smoked
for snitching.
for snitching. Dude, you should never
snitch on the CC.
You should never snitch on the
government. D snitch on both America and
and Chinese government, dude. Of course
they're going to get smoked.
Of course, that's how it goes. You
snitch on China and America, there is
zero chance for you, Anthropic. I'm
sorry. Y'all got a great great AI. I
promise you that. But
but big butt. Big butt. Let's go ahead
and put the key in there. See if it
works. New key. Who this old key broken?
Nice, dude. We gave you a nice long
trial that key this weekend. Much love
to you. 777. Here's the key in the chat.
If anybody comes in later, feel free to
share the key or tell them to have some
patience cuz they're late.
Back to business. Let's get it. J Will,
if they come in and they they throw any
sort of fit about not getting the key
immediately, tell them tell them that
they're late. Tell them they're late.
All right. I know I'm usually late, but
I'm keeping the chat down here. I'll
answer questions at the end. Um, I'm not
going to put it in every two seconds
like I usually do just because then I
I'll jump into the chat and then
conversate and then be like in China
when I'm trying to go to Russia.
So, I I'll answer all chats here um at
the end or inter intermittently. I'll
probably answer chats in like an hour or
so. But um yeah, so we got the keys
there. Let's go ahead and um I'll try to
jump it. I'll pop it in every once in a
while. But you have full reign to talk
[__] to anybody that's late, even though
I'm late all the time. You got full
range. Full reign. I tried, dude. I
tried. I tried to build a bot that would
post inside of the Zoom, but they they
only let you have read read
instructions, not write instructions as
well
or commands. Like you can use Zoom to
read the chat, but you can't use Zoom to
post the chat. Post to the chat. 777
Timmy, good to see you. Timmy. Timmy.
Timmy Turner.
Real Wishy says, "Bigo live is going
crazy."
What does that even mean, dude?
BGO. Damn. See, I'm already I'm already
ghost, dude. BGO. How do you even go to
BGO?
BGO. BGO. What is BGO?
You were telling me about that yesterday
actually,
maybe two days ago.
All right, you guys got the keys here.
We're going to get started in just a
second.
I'm going to give people a little like a
three minute grace period because once I
lock I
Damn, there's no lag over there, huh?
tastes different.
>> Yes, actually it's not [__] I am
legitimately telling you that some rocks
are salty.
I see it now. I see it.
All right, here we go.
Keys for you guys that just entered.
I think the first thing I want to show
you is what kind of surprised me this
weekend. So thing I want to show you is
what kind of surprised me this weekend.
Okay. So
let's go ahead and make sure
let's go to open claw.
Morning Dave. Morning Kenny.
something sub uh surprised me quite a
bit this this weekend and uh I'll just
tell you about it There.
Okay. Well, OpenCloud isn't even open.
So, okay. Well, OpenCloud isn't even
open. So, okay. Well, OpenCloud doesn't
even open. So
I wish somebody told me this earlier. I
went ahead and bought this five
computers. I went ahead and bought this.
>> Damn, people just keep flying in. So, I
got I got to drop these keys. I'm going
to drop the keys one more one last time
here and then I'll come back in like 30
or so.
I'll come I'll follow up with all the
chats, too. Thanks for uh participating.
Thanks for your love. Much love to you.
I wish somebody told me this earlier. I
went ahead and set up five open claws
because that was all the jazz. That was
all the hype. And I found some very
amazing things that I can't essentially
I can't tell everybody here, but I'll
tell you some more about what I found
that I can tell you about some more
about what I found. I can tell you about
>> it's actually insane and I think it's
gamechanging because everybody's
distracted right now with OpenClaw and I
think OpenClaw is sick. Yes, of course.
But um as an automated trader who my
ultimate goal is to remove all my
emotions and never have to trade again,
you know, I'll show you step by step how
to do that around here. But along the
way, I come across new tools like
OpenClaw. Okay, let's go ahead and set
up OpenClaw on five different computers.
Well, there was a specific use case that
I started to run into with OpenClaw that
it wasn't able to handle. So, what I did
is I finally, and I think a lot of
people are sleeping on this. I think a
lot of people are sleeping on this
Claude Chrome extension. It's actually
really sick. I I have it set up here.
You can see and open cloud. You just add
it to your your Chrome here. And what
this did for me was something that took
would have taken a month for me to do,
but I did it in something that took
>> which is quite insane if you think about
it because until now, we've all been
trying to fiddle around with Open Claw.
We've been waiting for AI to do anything
for us or everything for us. And now we
finally have
Claude inside of Chrome. And comparing
it to OpenClaw, it works 100 times
better. Just straight up, you know, and
I'm I'm one of the only people that have
tried OpenCloud times five
different computers and actually applied
it to my daily work. And then I went
ahead and tried Claude and Chrome.
Wow, dude.
It's still the start for both of them.
It's still the start. So, we got to be
cognizant of that.
So, I'm not writing open claw off by any
means. I think it's so sick.
But I saw how smooth this worked. Let's
just let's try it out. Let's just go to
like um let's just go to like uh can you
let's just go to like can you navigate
to poly market
and then figure out what the best
markets are where we could take the no
side on
with the biggest chance of us profiting
and then list me your 10 top markets
after going through Poly Market and
discovering which ones have the best
chance of profiting if we took the no.
Now, historically,
taking the no side is better than taking
the yes side. So, that's the thesis I'm
going to give you, and I want you to go
ahead and go to Poly Market and find the
top 10 markets. Send me the names, send
me the links, and send me why you think
this is a good no market. So, you've all
we've all used Claude. We've all used
Claude, but they dropped Claude in
Chrome.
without mentioning it really. I mean, I
know without mention it really
we've all heard of it. Sure.
>> But at the end of the day, nobody's
nobody's like uh everybody's distracted.
it seems
>> they have like little
>> so if everybody's distracted
>> and not using it like I had to use it
for a specific use case because I set up
five open claws and openclaw wasn't
working for them again just like
algorithmic trading nobody's going to
share their exact edge so I'm not going
to share my exact edge of what I was
building with openclaw and why I had to
take what I thought was going to be a
month off to lock in I got it done in a
weekend
and claw odd chrome in or whatever this
is croing clotting chrome was part of
the reason I was able to get it done in
a weekend.
So I believe code is a great equalizer.
Anything I find out I'm going to show
you. So you can see she's she's
scrolling through Poly Market right
here.
I wish I would have done it in this
window here but she has access to
everything in this top part. You can see
she's scrolling through Poly Market
trying to figure out that prompt I gave
her. So, you can think of all of these
tasks that you have on your computer,
whether it's like accounting tasks,
whether you have to do your taxes, or
whether you have to log some stuff,
whether you have to you want to look at
two different arbitrageages on one
exchange to another exchange. This is
what OpenClaw was pitched to be really,
but Anthropic leads with safety, so
they're going to roll it out slower.
In my mind,
they're doing the Apple play.
Open Claw is Android. Open Claw works
for any computer.
Claude Chrome only works with Claude.
Now, I know half of you are Android
guys. You want the custom, you want to
be able to customize everything, that's
fine.
I support you. I support you in your
endeavor of customizing absolutely
everything, Android guy.
But for those people that like smooth
experiences,
they like to get things done.
They pay for ease of use.
You know, if you got an iPhone, you
understand what I'm talking about.
iPhone's so good because the software is
built by the same company that builds
the hardware.
And that's been my thesis why Claude
code is better than anything else is
because Claude actually built the AI
model and the agentic framework.
Now Chrome, Claude and Chrome absolutely
cooked for me, dude. It would take me a
month to get this done
in a couple days. It involved a lot of
data from a lot of data sources. And
guess what? Chrome Claude Chrome was
able to log into all of my accounts,
calculate all of this data, follow all
of my instructions. You can see she's
taking a screenshot here.
She's taking a screenshot. She uses
screenshots.
Now, we went ahead and we tried to build
something like this like two years ago,
but it was too hard for Lil Moon two
years ago.
And I'm glad Anthropic went ahead and
took the cake here because like I said,
if the person who builds the model
builds the tools, it's going to be a
better tool at the end of the day. It's
no doubt. Always
always, always, always, bro.
You can see she's navigating to another
event here. So, she's looking through
all of these events.
And the cool thing is is I could go like
this. I could say, "Claude,
let's see this.
Can you go ahead and ask Claude
here in the desktop or in the browser?
Ask her to build me a back test
using back testing. py."
I don't know. That's a stupid one.
That's a stupid one. But I'm just I
wanted to show you that you can have
multiple going at the same time. So
imagine this.
You've got your Claude and Chrome as
your lawyer over here. You've got your
Claude and Chrome as your marketer over
here. And these can be different Chrome
instances because I can just pull this
off and boom. Now I've got Claude
working for me in the browser. See,
she's putting the prompts in. I have one
browser set up with Claude. I've got
another browser set up with Claude. I
believe code's a great equalizer.
Whenever I find something big like this,
I have to show you. That's what I'm here
for.
This changes the game for me cuz now I
have these assistants that can actually
control the browser. And I know
everybody wants full computer use and
that's why we like OpenClaw. I get that.
But let's be honest, most of our work is
in the browser. So if Claude, the best
model, is already in the browser, why
isn't anybody talking about this?
I don't get it. But you can see now I
got her cooking in two different places.
Okay, let's have her cook some more.
Dude, that road map I gave you today.
Let's go to it. Let's have her cook with
it. Moonave.comromap.
Okay, where's the key? I got to get the
key. Okay, you got the key. I think if
you don't have the key, I put the key in
the chat every day. Okay, let's go ahead
and say, okay, we got three browsers.
So, you got three employees. I got two
employees live and I'm about to have a
third one live. Okay, please go through
this road map and come up with the um
yeah, tell me the structure in order to
attack automated trading and then give
me the three best trading ideas that you
can find in this road map that I should
start with. So, you got the road map
already. You probably already have claw
claw.
I've got three different agents working
inside browsers because at the end of
the day, you know that the most of the
work we're doing on our computers are in
the browser, dude. So, why is nobody
talking about this? I don't know. Why I
haven't Why haven't I been using this? I
don't know. When did it even come out?
When did it even come out? Because why
why isn't anybody in the chat talking
about this? Why doesn't anybody know
about this? I ran a poll yesterday and
90% of people had never used Claude and
Chrome before. I had to use Claude and
Chrome because I don't I don't just talk
about stuff, dude. I just I know I yap a
lot. I get that. But I see stuff on
Twitter like Open CL Open CL. Okay, let
me buy a few computers. Let me run it. I
ran Open CL. I know how to I I know
OpenCloud better than most people.
I had to get off Twitter because
everybody's trying to argue me argue
with me about OpenCloud this, OpenCloud
that. Dude, just run it and then you'll
see what I see. That led me to Chrome
inside of
Claw inside of Chrome.
Now we're really cooking, bro. Now we're
really cooking because now look at this.
She's going through, she's using, she's
going through the road map, the road map
that you have access to, and she's
figuring out which one of those
strategies is best. So, you saw me
before with five open claws, but now I'm
going to have 8,000 clouds in Chrome.
When was Claude in Chrome released? And
who is it accessible to?
Because maybe that's why maybe that's
why I ran that poll and 80% of people
said they had not used it yet.
You can see here's a full breakdown. You
can see she did the back test.
August 2025.
That's insane. They're shipping so hard.
They're cooking so hard over there that
they don't even mention stuff like this.
Let me search for the latest information
in on Claude and Chrome. Claude and
Chrome was initially piloted. Okay.
August 25th, it first launched with an
initial cohort of a thousand max plan
users. Okay. On 24 on November 24, it
became available in beta beta to all max
plan users. What's a max plan? On
December 18th, it went to all pro, team,
and enterprise. So, cloud is available
in beta to all paid plan subscribers.
Pro, max, team, and enterprise. For
team, and enterprise, admins can enable
or disable.
So, it's available to everybody. I mean,
they're going to make it impossible for
you not to pay Claude at the end of the
day. At the end of the day, they're
going to make it impossible for you not
to be a customer cuz I've got three
different instances and they can do
whatever. You can think anything, dude.
Researchers, uh, planners, coders, uh,
your accountants, your lawyer, you all,
all of these jobs are done in the
browser. We're just data dogs and we're
like OpenClaw run our whole computer.
Okay, that's so sick. But at the end of
the day, most of this stuff can be done
in the browser and I haven't even
downloaded the desktop app yet. I
haven't even downloaded the desktop app
yet. Maybe that's the next thing I need
to do here today. Let's say uh Claude
desktop. I'm going I'm going so much
deeper. I'm going so much deeper here
into Claude because it is the best
model. I mean, they have survival skills
of a fart calling out China and United
States of America, but
you know, it is what it is. I can't
control that. It's out of my control.
They got the best models. They got the
best tools. I'm downloading desktop.
I'll let you guys know. Let me know
below if you want me to do a desk talk
desktop overview. Bring Claude to your
desktop. I'll go ahead and dive deep
into it, understand it, see how it can
be best used, and then from there, if
you want to hear that, just comment
below desktop.
Think that should be interesting.
I think that should be interesting. I
really like Chrome. So, I wanted to let
you guys I wanted to share that with you
guys here today because I I think
Claudin Chrome is I don't want to say it
because I know I hyped it up really hard
for the last few weeks, but I'm going to
do that. I lean into everything. I lean
into everything. I lean it into
everything and I try it out. So,
OpenCloud last few weeks, of course, I
went hard on it, but I go hard on
everything.
I go hard in on everything, dude.
I go hard on everything. So, I'm glad I
went hard because it led me to this day
today. And now I am actually really,
really excited about this Chrome bod.
And I know most of you have not used it.
And I know that because I ran a poll.
So,
I want to check out Cloud Desktop now.
But maybe I'll do that on desktop. Mike
said desktop. Desktop and play with
co-work too. Okay. I've been there for a
few months. There we go. Swap. Nice,
bro.
You said the API key didn't work for
you.
Check out this here. I'll throw it
again.
Desktop. Okay, so we got some people
that want me to dive deeper into
desktop. Maybe I'll do that later today.
Uh diving into desktop. I don't I have
never used it.
I've never used it. But
here are my top 10 poly market plays.
You can see here here are my top 10 poly
market plays. So, I just had it go
research this for me and it found the
top 10 poly market plays here. Oklahoma
City, Arsenal, uh, Arsenal. Okay. Trump.
So, this is this is quad in Chrome. This
is fire, dude. This is fire. She she
went ahead and did three different
projects. I'll dive all the way into
Lazy.
So, I'm going to use this every day from
here on out. Really, anytime I have to
do anything, anything repetitive, I use
Chrome and Desktop. Claude and Desktop.
What the [__] name is, dude?
Claude and Chrome.
Uh, another thing I wanted to look into
here. Well, let's first do this. I'm
going to close this stuff. I just wanted
to give you guys a little overview of
that as I think it's uh, significantly
life-changing.
And you'll see now that you know of it,
you'll see like just every time you're
about to do anything repetitive, just
have Claude in Chrome do it for you.
It's really sick, dude. It's really
sick. I'm very impressed.
Very very impressed.
Swap. What have you been doing for the
last few months with it?
777 fam. GM Richard,
thanks for all you do as well. Thank
you, Zoom.
Get to Cebu and Paloan. Damn, dude.
Everybody thinks I live in the
Philippines. I don't actually live in
the Philippines. I've never been.
I've never been, but [__] I want to go.
I work with a lot of people in the
Philippines. And the Philippines got the
kindest people in the world. They got
the kindest people in the world. And I
would love love love to get out there. I
just haven't yet. I've been saying I
need to for so so long.
They got the kindest people in the world
out there.
out there, dude.
Hard workers, too. Hard workers.
They'll never catch up. GM777. Let's get
it. So, I want to jump into my Solana
stuff real quick.
Just see what's Gucci over there.
So, as you may or may not know, I run
Solana bots to just kind of keep things.
Um,
I'm always scanning. Just I'm just that
one guy waiting for Solana to come back.
Just waiting for the Solano to come back
someday. This guy went up 40x though.
[__] What the dog doing?
But we did catch a winner here. 40x.
Okay. Okay. So, what the dog do
that's in my wallet right now? It should
be hitting um
soul scan. It should be hitting um take
profit here soon. Mundave.soul. Soul.
That me again. No, that ain't me.
Mundave. Soul.
There we go. Sin. He's sinning. 19 hours
ago. Okay, these are transfers. Yeah,
this has been off for a few days.
Probably out of cash.
No, I'm not out of cash. Um, let's go
ahead and use Cloud Desktop. See what
what's Gucci. Can you go ahead and look
into the
Can you go ahead and look in the
my last
10 pages of transactions and see
what those transactions are. What I want
you to specifically look for are some
buys
and I want you to list the buys for me.
Thank you.
Let's just see. I'm just going to keep
pushing her. Like this is a new tool to
me. You can see I'm using sonet sonet
4.6 and for the use you for use that
used open claw. You know sonet's not
that good with it. So you got to kind of
use opus.
Okay. So, let's go over here to the um
Solana stuff here. Okay.
Where you at? Shorty.
B3. No markets.
Scanner. No, it'd be over here then.
It's right here.
So, that's bot 26. It must have been
dead here or something. What happens is
when I get on and off the VPN, sometimes
it smokes me. So, you can see this one
did go up 40x here and she's looking
through trying to find my trades here.
So you can see I'm using
Chrome and desktop
claw and Chrome.
There we go. It found some p uh of my
transactions here. See what it does with
it.
She's taking a screenshot. Close
account. Okay, so she did take some cash
back. I just ran this bot in order to
sell some losers. This bot's cooking.
This is the main copy bot of the Solana
side. And the reason I use one dollar
size is because then the good things
float to the top, right? If I put $1
into what the dog doing, that's a 40x
if it's at 41. For real. For real. And I
think it is for real. For real.
You can see I got Claude Chrome. And
this is what I've been doing all
weekend. Every time I So I I had a huge
huge project I had to take on. And um
essentially I thought it was going to
take forever. I thought I was gone for I
thought I was going to be gone for at
least a month,
but I I I had like six different
I had my open claws and six different uh
desktops like this. So, it was just like
so much faster. I didn't have to do any
any crazy stuff. I don't know. I think
this is I think this is life changing.
But again, that's just me.
I might be the weirdo.
What's going on right here? So, order
sold, sold. Um, it's buying.
Okay. So, she's going through and
looking through the 10 pages
and then I want to get some cash back.
So, if you're trading on Solana, there's
this thing that is called rent, and you
must close your accounts. You can see
I'm closing 12 accounts right here. And
that means I'm getting cash back for
each of the accounts, which is quite
nice.
What I want to also do is work on my
extended bots just a bit here. Let's go
over here to um Electron. Okay. Code
admit. Okay. And then I'm going to go to
cross exchangers over here. Let's get
the cross exchange going. And then I
have a list of bot trackers that I want
to check here. So,
this is the first one I want to do.
Can you look for this code here and
explain how it works? The bot
specifically.
Okay. Um, hyper momentum as well.
Cost per ball. See here. I like the low
cost per ball ones.
Also this one here, this one looks
Gucci.
Also this one here, it looks good. Go
ahead and explain both of them to me.
Thank you.
I want to know the entry. I want to know
the exit.
And I want to know the risk control.
Okay, she's cooking on that for me.
Let's go ahead and run a couple of these
back tests here that we haven't caught
up with. We have a ton.
Get some of these bugs going here. She's
cooking.
I got Cloud and Chrome in the
background.
Boom. Okay, she's a loser. Let's close
her. Let's just delete her. This is a
numbers game here. You know that my
process of automated trading comes down
to back testing, researching, back
testing. And I built in this back tester
into my app to go fast cuz speed usually
take me eight hours per back test.
That's crazy, dude.
Eight hours. Damn, son. It's a lot.
It's a lot. That's a lot. Has anybody
taken the anthropic courses yet? Put a
zero in the chat if you have not taken
the AI anthropic course yet. Zero in the
chat if you have not taken that yet. You
get a whole diploma in everything. Zero.
Okay. Zero in the chat if you have not
taken that. We might take that, dude. We
might take that together. You get a
whole diploma in everything. A
certificate.
And Lord knows you need that
I'm just kidding. But it might be good
for for those of you that are that do
want like some credibility or whatnot.
And like I don't know, at the end of the
day, we're going to learn a a hell of a
lot. A hell of a lot.
There's a course on that, Timmy. They
just dropped it. I'll get into that in
just a bit. I want to at least build an
outline for the course here today. And
cuz I'm going to personally do it. I'm
just deciding whether I'm going to do it
with you or not. I think I probably
should just do it with you because dude,
I remember when we learned um
Russ together. People people enjoyed
that because not only did I learn Russ,
but I was able to teach you at the same
time.
Deep sight, good to see you, bro. 777.
No trades on this one. What the hell?
All pass.
Let's delete that.
See what's going on. See if she's done
yet. She is. Okay. So, let's go over
here. Don't run with the pack. If
everyone is trying to solve the same
problem or a whole group of people, if
that's the latest and greatest thing to
do, don't do that. Do something
original. Don't follow the pack.
>> Don't follow the pack, baby. Don't
follow the pack. Do something original.
Everybody else is training by hand.
Don't do that. Don't do that. Lock in
here three hours, two, three hours a
day. I'll keep you off the charge for
two, three hours, dude.
Then you got to use your discipline to
stay off the charge for the rest of the
day. Okay, you can go ahead and still
get exposure to trading. You don't have
to trade by hand.
You don't have to trade by hand.
Let's go here and fix this as well.
So, where would this be is the question.
No, that's fine. So, these are my two
bots that I have or actually yeah, two
on extended here. I'm just incubating
cuz if you know my process, you have the
road map, right? So, let's see if she's
done here.
Okay, this is based off of that. Oh, we
actually cooked that. But on the road
map here, moonave.com/roadap
that you have access to.
You can see my process for automated
trading starts with R research and then
back test and then incubate small size.
So after I find something that works in
the past, I incubate it.
So liquidation market maker here the
thesis this is a mean reversion fade the
crowd when one side of the market is
heavily stacked near liquidation the
other side already got wiped out.
So when one side of the market is
heavily stacked near liquidation, the
other side already got wiped out. The
bot trades against the herd, betting the
move is exhausted. The entry three
conditions must all align. Liquidation
aggregate skew. Pull all hype positions
from the Mundav API, which you guys have
access to. Clusters positions whose
liquidations are within 2% of each
other.
Finds the biggest cluster per side, long
versus short. One size aggregate must be
1 million plus and 1.5x larger than the
other side. 48 hour price zone filter
fetches the 48h hour high low from
Binance. Divides it into thirds. If
longs are bigger
are the bigger aggregate, shorts already
blew up.
Go short, but only if price is in the
top third of range. If shorts are bigger
aggregate, longs already blown up. Go
long but only if price is in the
one-third of range. Execution once
triggered enters a fill loop.
Okay. Exit. Three conditions. Exit. Take
profit. First liquidation. Okay. Stop
loss 50% on margin. So if it drops 50%.
Okay. Max hold time. I like that. Okay.
Risk control. Perfect. Position sizing
lives 10. Okay. So I want that one.
We got a 15-minute close on it, which is
nice.
And this is
liquidation momentum PY. Okay, so I need
to do some tracking here.
Um, and let's also for liquidation PY
for that liquidation MMPY, let's bring
the stop-loss down to 25% from 50. Thank
you. and then send me the full path so I
can run it. Thank you.
Okay, let's go ahead and see what this
other one's looking like.
So, hype momentum 300 seconds. Okay,
this is the opposite philosophy of what
I said before. And that's the thing
everybody asks me about liquidations. It
can be totally opposite and still be
right or totally opposite and still be
wrong. This is your game. It's my game.
We got to play our own game. We got to
come with our own ideas. There's nothing
plugandplay around here, but I'll show
you everything in order to get you
automated.
But a bad strategy automated. Still a
bad strategy. This is the opposite
philosophy of the first bot. When price
approaches a whale's liquidation, bet on
momentum continuing through it. The
liquidation cascade will price further.
Ride the wave. Don't fade. The 300S
variant comes from back testing. Trades
under 5 minutes had a 36% win rate
while trades held between 5 and 30 had a
64% win rate. So they have to hold for
at least 5 minutes. The moment the
momentum thesis needs to time to play
out before you judge it a loser entry.
Whale proximity trigger pulls all hype
positions from Mundev API which you have
access to.
finds the closest whale. Okay. If any
whales liquidation price is within 0.5%
of current price, close to a long whales
lick.
Close to a short whales lick grid
execution. Okay, this got a nice grid on
it. Exit take profit 10% stop-loss 10%.
But only after 300 seconds. Risk control
small fixed size smaller than the 95. I
want to do that. So, and then for the
second buy here. So, let's go ahead and
get this one ready. Okay, this one's
about to be live again.
So, let's go ahead and get it. First
off, I'm going go ahead and say Python
run it. Python run it, Sunny. Feb 9inth
Poly Market Trading bots. No, we got the
Poly Markets. The Poly Markets is
cooking. Fab up down. No Marcus Jan.
Python liquidation. Um um that was it
actually. Python this. Python Python
this. Python that. Okay. Start it up.
Start it up. Start it up. Okay. Now I
got to track it up. Track it up. Track
it up. So where's that tracking sheet I
have?
And what count this on?
Okay, perfect. I got it now.
178. Okay.
insert one above. You can see I use
small size
because at the end of the day, you don't
know if it's actually going to work in
the future. So, if it works in the past,
that's great. But does it work in the
future is the question. You got to lock
in and you got to figure that out for
yourself. I can't give you everything. I
can show you everything I'm doing, but I
can't plug and play anything for you.
I'm sorry, dude. Much love to you.
Okay, so I'm going over here and
tracking a few things. First off, the
balance of course, but second off and
the second off and not not more
important but very important as well is
the volume. Now, the volume is important
to me because if this is an arbitrage
opportunity for a airdrop, then I want
to be able to get as much volume as I
possibly can because the more volume,
the more money.
Now, obviously, you want to run
profitable trading bots.
And I track this metric of cost per
1,000 in volume. Now, this one that I'm
running is actually a positive, which is
good. You want a positive cost per one
1K volume because that means you're
getting 1,000 in volume plus you're
making money. That's obviously the goal.
But we all are realists here and we
understand that not all bots are going
to work.
But the kicker here, trading on these
exchanges that have bonuses and stuff,
is
that
even some of your bots that don't work
still might make money, if that makes
sense,
because it's an arbitrage. It's a volume
arbitrage. They're paying you to be a
market maker. Essentially, these new
exchanges. So, I'm using one of these
weird exchanges right now.
This is what it is. Just is what it is.
It just is what it is. That's pretty
cool though, if you ask me.
What happened here?
Got in this error. I'll fix that real
quick, too.
So, let's go up to Moonab AI agents
here.
agents for trading. You can see in the
open claw list, I got this little bug.
Be go ahead and fix it. Thank you,
shorty. Oh, snap.
>> I'm not negotiating with myself.
>> Yeah,
>> the deal was already made. The deal was
made when I set out at the beginning of
the summer and said, "This is the
training plan I'm doing. I signed that
contract with myself. I'm doing it." M
>> you know throughout the that process
you'll start talking to yourself like
man I got to I think I need to maybe if
we Nope
no this is non-negotiable
>> let's put them on ad for a bit because
they've been here for too long free
dude there is so much I have to show you
here today every single day I'm live but
I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if
you want to chat with me and you want to
see all the code, you can see like some
of the code is blocked from your screen.
I just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundave.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here and this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I drop in
the live stream. So you can see I'm able
to see all liquidation levels. I'm able
to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able
to see OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see
every single one of their trades. I also
get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff.
This is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month. And you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonondev.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream, which was
$5, and today's stream. So, it's just
five bucks and you get all of that, but
you also get this API key. And I said
this is going to be $1,000 plus per
month. You can see I have a smart money
call. So, things that Wall Street is
looking at, I we can all see with this
API key. It's Hyperlid's data layer that
I built because I believe uh it needs a
better API in order to call things
faster. I was building out the quant app
here that is essentially looking at
people's liquidations and I ran into the
problem like I need this data faster. So
I launched a node and then I made it
available for everybody that comes into
the zooms each day. But again they're
private zooms only because I've got
people that are watching my screen
looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP
I, whatever and just some sort of
vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh you can see my stats
there. Uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um, since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my 5 years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage and I looked at I have over
150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on
YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a
small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I mean, I I know exactly when
they're entering, when they're exiting,
where they're sitting. I have a bunch of
calls that will go ahead and just keep
me uh into the know of what they're
doing. Plus, every other trader on
Hyperlquid. Hyperlid opened up the
financial system for the entire world.
And before this, there was no way for us
to see where people get liquidated. So,
based off of this premise, I've built
some really great automated trading
strategies. And since I am here now
building for the public, building for
those 40x hand traders, I built the
Quant app and I'm using that liquidation
strategy or one of the liquidation
strategies. Of course, there's still
intuition here. So, it's not like you
can download this quant app and make a
million dollars. No way. There's still
some experience and intuition, but this
puts like bumpers around your trading.
You know, there's risk controls here. I
can never use more than x amount of my
account. I can't lose more than 3% of my
account in a day. Things like that that
are just hard to do as a hand trader. I
built into the quant app, but I think
the main feature is buying and selling
around people's liquidations. Nobody can
predict price. And if you think you can,
you're probably going to get smoked. I
think by now you realize that, hey,
within like a 1 2% range, it's really
hard to predict price. So instead of
predicting price, I'm predicting which
liquidation to buy. So, for example, I
could say when this guy gets liquidated
right here, I will buy a portion of my
portfolio, but instead of just saying,
"Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now."
I'm just waiting for somebody to get
licked. So, it's just a quantitative
approach I'm trying to build into a
downloadable app because I realize 99%
of people are still trading by hand and
still using 40x leverage. So, if that's
the biggest problems trader traders
have, that was my biggest problem. I was
getting liquidated when I was using
leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks
in using 40x leverage. And if you go
look at my Twitter or on my screen right
now, you can see that this week I I had
a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So
$4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%.
That's amazing.
Is it going to work for you? I don't
know. I can't guarantee your results. I
don't know how you trade. I don't know
how risky you are, but I know that for
me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last
more than 3 days and I'd be staring at
the screen the entire time.
So, so far so good. It's It's helped me
last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown
up. So, I don't know. But what this led
me to was, hey, I need these liquidation
this liquidation data way faster. With
the API, you can you can't get this data
this fast. You can see how it's changing
every second. I have a node launch. I'm
connected to the node. And that node,
you have all the data. If you join the
zooms, the private zooms because you get
a free API key. You can see every single
tick data. If you're trading right now
algorithmically and you're not using
tick data, you're just missing out on a
huge edge because every tick matters.
It's not about open, high, low, close,
volume data. You need the tick data. So,
I've got the tick data for all tokens.
That's crazy. Just hit that API. So you
get the API key when you join. It's only
for people in the Zoom. I just launched
this data layer, so we're rolling it out
slowly. It's only for people in the
Zoom. If you want the API key, it's only
for Zoom people. You can see there's a
ton of other great things here like
liquidation, fetching people's
positions, the top 10 closest
liquidations to uh getting liquidated,
positions getting liquidated. So kind of
like what you see in the Quant app. But
yeah, I just wanted to give you an
update here. Um, you can just go to
moonundave.com and sign up for the live.
And the cool thing I do is I'm here
usually for a couple hours at least,
sometimes more, but you can see you get
a free API key and that's a $4,850 value
for the Hyperlquid data layer. If you
want to go check out the docs as well,
mundave.comdocs,
but I highly recommend just jump into
the live right now because I I
overloaded it with value.
You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me. But if we get
on the treadmill together, right?
There's two things. You're getting off
first or I'm going to die.
>> It's really that simple.
Now, the page page might look different
than this if you're if it's today, but
hey, you know, it's every single day
around 7:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2
to seven hours. And the cool thing is is
if you get in before the end of the
Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as
well. So you get a replay from yesterday
and you get today's free replay. So if
it's if you still see me on if you still
see me on, you know, you can get in and
you can get that day's full replay and
yesterday's full replay. And then on top
of that, if you get in to the Zoom
before it's over, you get the API key.
So every single day I'm dropping a new
API key. So, that's just a nice little
incentive for you to make sure to
actually show up. But, as you can see,
you're going to get my full private
stream. This means you get to chat with
me all day long.
You get to ask me anything in the Zoom
chat. That's the chat I look at. Those
are the people that are on in the inner
circle. Those are the people that I want
to be speaking to. So, if you join the
private live by clicking the link going
to moondev.com,
you get for $5 a $5 foot long, you get
number one, you get the Zoom access. So,
you get to chat with me live all day
long. You get the full stream. You get
to see all the There is so much I have
to show you here today. Every single day
I'm live, but I do private live. Rest at
the end. Rest at the end. That's from
Snatch, but like No, it's not it, dude.
Wrong movie, bro. Wrong movie. Way
sicker than I.
Rest in peace, Kobe. For real.
They tens, but I keep them like they
20s.
[__] Maybe I was wrong.
They tens, but I keep them like they
20s.
RP Kobe. Yo, black, white, or both? You
got to have both. You got to have both.
You got to have both. Black when I'm
going crazy on them. Uh when I'm when
I'm stepping out for the evening. Now
I'm talking back high school. High
school whites. Whites for the day and
then blacks if it's like Saturday night
and I got a big old tall tea on. I put a
a all red tall tea on and throw the
blacks on with some jeans. But during
the day when we're being nice and stuff,
I got the whites on.
Uh, bird eye key still worth it. Um,
yeah. I mean, I use it all day, so can't
say it's not.
I don't have any Air Forces right now,
actually.
I don't have anymore, unfortunately. But
that was my trippy kit back in the day.
All whites. All whites with the white
tall tea.
blacks were in Saturday night or
something.
Yeah. Okay. So,
all right. Well, I guess you have no
knowledge of movies then. It has Ice
Cube in it.
Okay. So, let's see how to fix this
because this is starting to piss me off.
Here's the full breakdown. There are
exactly two places that kill the timer.
Oh, wait. Is that from Friday or the
sequel? Next Friday. Ice Cube is a
legend.
It's next Friday at Day's house, bro.
Jesus, dude. How are you AI? I thought
you were supposed to know everything.
Mike absolutely stole that movie. He
lowkey did, huh? Yeah, but what's the
line?
is about when they're standing out by
about a car.
How do you not know that? I maybe I I
probably chopped it up, too. I probably
chopped the line up, too. So, ah, I'm
not pulling the exact quote.
Yeah, they're looking at the car. He's
like, I got 20s on them. And then Ice
Cube's like, not they ain't tens or
something something. And then he's like,
yeah, they ain't tens. I couldn't keep
them clean, though. Come on, bro. [__]
in.
That's the exact quote. Okay. So, I just
been I just been chopping it up my
entire life. It's all good. I'm going to
have to watch the movie again.
That's so Mike Apps fronting like he's
got 20 inch.
Whatever, dude.
Whatever. It's a distraction.
I've been chopping up that. I've been
[__] up the whole quote my entire
life.
Where the timer gets killed. DK bar hits
zero plus score is zero. Auto lock out.
This is your problem. The DK 2 minutes.
Okay. Gets drained constantly.
The DK resets at this. But if the after
that it's negative one. Okay. So the
scenario that's screwing up. You start a
round score zero. Fresh round always
starts at zero. You're reading docs
thinking yada yada the score hits zero
it penalizes a point. This means at the
start of every round if you don't earn
at least one point before the first two
minutes. Yeah. So yeah. So let's fix
that. Let's remove 0.1 and let's just
make it so they can't go under zero.
You know
that's the thing I was trying to fix is
I don't want people to go under zero.
That's no fun. But they can, you know,
if they don't respond for a while, like
they're gonna get cooked. They're gonna
get cooked, you know, and that's fine.
But they won't go under zero. And it
won't take away from their best up top
or on the points. But the reason I need
this is because I need the timer always
going, no matter what.
I always want it going. I always want it
tracking points for when I put in new
prompts. I always want it giving me
points when I hit a back test.
But most importantly is I want that
15inute popup asking me about my
efficiency every 15 minutes and I never
want to miss because my efficiency is
the most important thing to me.
So I already made like probably a year's
worth of time back by putting all of
this in front of my face. If you're not
using multiple clouds, you won't
understand the pain point. But once you
start using multiple clouds, you will
clearly see the pain point. If you have
multiple pro processes or programs or
things working with cloud codes, you're
going to be flipping through these tabs
like no other and it's it's a trash
waste of time. So, I just built it all
here. So, every project I'm working on
in the day, I'll have it in front of my
face. Okay? I want a step deeper. I'm an
athlete. I grew up playing trying to
score more. That's why I'm here all the
time. The more you shoot, the more you
score. has always worked for me in
everything except trading by hand. So, I
ambitious enough to do anything. I could
build anything. I can chase anybody. I
could beat anybody. I know that it's me
verse me. Okay. So, what does Mundab How
does he How does he uh code harder?
Well, put a [__] shot clock up. Let
him get some points. Yes. Every day. So,
I'm just I'm just I'm just hacking my my
workflow at this point because we have
AI. Like I said, I was I thought I was
going to be gone for a month
and I was gone for like three days cuz
we have AI cooking so hard. Like then
I'm twiddling my fingers yesterday. Like
[__] do I just not come back? I said I
was going to be gone for way longer. Do
I not come back and I just sit here and
do nothing? Go back to this retired
life. I hate that life, dude. I hate
that life. I I told you the story
already. I uh I pseudo retired when I
was 30, walking around the beach,
boogie boarding every day.
I ended up not liking it after a while.
It's just like I like to build. I'm a
builder. So when I said I was going to
be gone for a month plus working on this
project, I got it done in a weekend. I
got it done in a weekend with AI. And
that proves that what I'm building here
with all these AIs in front of me, it's
making my efficiency better and better
and better. So, if I just keep improving
that efficiency in a year from now, you
won't be able to catch up.
I want to semi-retire also. Yeah,
semi-retireing is fine, but full
retirement is just not fun. Maybe if
you're like 70 or something,
1% every day. I just don't I think being
able to build stuff and see your stuff
come to fruition is like the the best
part of life.
It's not good for your health.
Interesting, Kenny. I would love to hear
more about that.
Like mentally health or like even
physically like yeah like doing nothing.
Like at least right now I'm standing up
at the computer working on something. My
brain is active. I'm I'm trying to chase
Jim Simons opposed to like yesterday I'm
I'm done with my project. I'm sitting
here like
on the [__] couch like what do
I do at this point? I made such a big
scene about how I'm going to be gone for
a month, but AI just cooked it up in a
weekend. Do I just do I just go back to
this beach, walk around the beach life,
and play some video games? It's just
like I did one day of that. I'm like,
"Fuck this. I'm back.
I'm back. I'm back.
I'm back, baby. I'm back. I'm locked
every single day." So, Zoom Zoom
dailies. Uh, I'll take some days off, of
course. But done. Here's what we
changed. The penalized point shot. Uh,
daily points subtraction. Okay. Your
persistent points at all time higher.
Untouchable. Okay. Daily point
subscraction line set.
Wait,
I'm a bit confused by this line. Does it
still subtract the points? Because it
should subtract points still. It just
won't go past zero. Like it won't go to
negative is what I'm trying to say.
Cap session score still drops. Okay.
Floor is here. Okay. You still get the
cooked visually.
Yeah. I overcorrected. I removed the
daily point subtraction entirely. You
still want me to subtract it? Just floor
at zero. No negatives. Yes.
Yes. Shorty is okay. So, subtracts from
daily points, but floor is at zero.
Never subtract. Uh, never goes negative.
And then, can you confirm that this
whole 2-minut timer is still there, but
if we hit the two-minute timer, it will
just restart the two-minute timer after
it takes away their point. And if they
have zero points and it won't go
negative, it'll just restart the
two-minute timer. This will enable the
timer to always be running and it will
never turn off unless the person hits
lock out because what I found in my
workflow is I'll I want to get rewarded
for every prompt. I want to score. I
want to score. I just want to keep
scoring.
>> Two to four.
>> But at the end,
>> if I have to click off, it's tough.
>> Look how much more training I have done
by simply starting at four,
>> right? And so now you do that and as the
years go on, the separation that you
have with your competitors and your
peers just grows larger and larger and
larger and larger and larger. And by
year five or six, doesn't matter what
kind of work they do in a summer,
they're never going to catch up.
>> Jay, if you mean we, if you mean me, if
you mean me by we, yes, you can get the
you can get the key, bro. You can get
the key. Late, dude. Hella late, dude.
You're late, Jay. Lock in. I don't care
if you're on the West Coast. Wake up.
You're good, bro. I'm just kidding.
Okay, so confirmed. It's exactly how you
want it, Mr. Moon. Here's the full flow.
Decay bar drains from 120 to zero over
two minutes. Okay. Hit zero. Okay.
Amelia resets. Okay. Loops forever.
Okay. Now, can you also confirm Now, can
you also confirm that at the end of
every I should [__] read. How about
that? How about how about you just read
Mundaf? The only way the timer stops now
is if somebody manually clicks lock out.
No auto lock out, no score, zero kill
switch. You can sit at zero points and
decay bar will just keep cycling.
Penalize, reset, penalize, reset, but
your score stays at zero. Never goes
negative. And the 15-minute efficiency
pop-up will always fire on schedule
fire, dude. Okay, before I restart this,
I want to make sure that we're good here
and everywhere.
just have this quick summary here. So,
we are I have launched those two bots
already. And that's the thing, dude, is
we're just accelerating because
launching two bots would have taken me I
don't know. I haven't opened code in two
years.
So, if you're scared to learn how to
code, I was scared too, dude. Both P&L
calculations are correct. Here's the
breakdown. Leverage check. Both are
correct. Liquidation MM. Okay, that's
fine. Max loss trade SL 25. Okay. A max
loss 25. Okay. 10% on margin. Okay. 1%
rob price position 95. Okay.
Uh but the 300 second SL has a cool
down.
Yeah. But what's the TP on the 300? On
the 300 SL. What's the take profit?
keep on the three plus 10. Okay, it's 10
and 10. 10 and 10.
10 and 10.
Perfect.
Are we live? Live and live. And then did
I get all the tracking down?
I didn't get the volume. No, I did get
the volume.
Cost for volume
balance and P&L. I got to get those.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Okay.
So, I'm going to let those run here for
for those two. What are the what's the
tracking that we have available? Because
tomorrow, I'd like to come back and see
the trades. So, if you could just put
the enters and the exits and the time
into a tracking sheet and then a note at
the top of both of these codes to figure
out how we can come back tomorrow and
look at the track results. Okay, please
do that and explain this to me. Thank
you.
And then I'm going to go ahead and um
refresh this app here. See if it works.
Now,
do I need to do a hard close of this or
just hit a command R on this Electron
app for this to start hitting?
For it to start hitting. Tonight
Command R should do it. Perfect.
I mean overall overall with Electron
when do I need to do a full restart like
a close and then open back up?
I'm just curious about that. I'm using
Electron right now. If you don't know
what Electron is, can you tell the
audience what Electron is and why I'm
using it to build Windows and Mac at the
same time? App
short and concise. Shorty, thank you.
Done, Mundave. Here's what we've got.
Trade tracking already built. Both bots
already log completed trades to CSV
automatically. Every entry, every exit,
every dollar liquidation momentum here.
So CSV liquidation mm. Okay.
So we're good. We're good on the
tracking. Quick look at results here.
Or just open the Excel, Google Sheets.
Perfect. So just to give you an update
on Electron. Electron is a framework
that allows you to build desktop apps
using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. So if
you're building for yourself, I like
Electron. I like it. The magic. Same
tech you'd always use. The magic. You
wrote your code once and it runs on
Windows, Macs, and Mac and Linux. No
need to maintain separate code bases.
Under the hood, it builds or bundles
Chromian
and Node.js together.
No way, dude. VS Code is an Electron.
Discord, Slack, Figma, Notion, they're
all Electron apps.
No way.
No way. What other companies use
Electron? That makes me so proud. I'm so
proud of myself. So proud of myself for
finding Electron. If Discord and Slack
use Electron, is that true or false,
gang? That is crazy. That is insane.
That is insane.
Okay, I have another question. Then how
does Discord auto update on Electron?
Because what I looked at before was the
um when when we were trying to have an
auto update of the newest version. I see
when you open Discord, it's downloading
[__] all the time. Okay, so that's cool.
But um when we were trying to do it, it
said that we needed a GitHub that was
public. So does does Discord have a
public GitHub or how do they auto update
the apps all the time? Because right
now, what I got to do is uh essentially
put a new version in the Dropbox and
then people download it. Speaking of
that, I do need to do that as well. We
got a lot on the agenda today. I hope
you're locked.
I said I was going to get three extended
bots live. So, let's go ahead and look
at another one. I was about to say, but
I'm only going to do three. But then I'm
like, just do it anyways. Just do it
anyways. You don't want to do something,
just do it anyways. How about that? Gang
gang. Okay. Lick momentum here. Hyper.
What about this one? This one looks kind
of juicy.
It's not a lot of volume, though.
I'll try it out. I'll try it out.
Momentum
looks pretty good.
Uh, but this one looks better.
RP, talk to me about this shorty.
Talk to me about this one a little bit.
How it differentiates by above two. I'm
going through some of my better ones and
I want to find the one the top three to
run, but we already are running the top
two. So, here's a third one. Tell me
what the differences are and if it's
worth trying this out and talk to me
about the entry exit and the risk that
we are taking on.
Okay. Um, I'm actually going to go ahead
and Yeah, let's
let's do it.
Okay, let's look into this. Great
question, Mundav. Discord does not use a
public GitHub for updates. They host
their own private update server. When
Discord opens and you see checking for
updates, it's hitting their own servers.
Downloading the new versions and
swapping it in. How auto updates work in
Electron. There's a few options.
Electron updator with GitHub releases.
Public repo. Electron updator with a
private server. This is what Discord,
Slack, and all them do. Electric
updater, you could literally Electric
Update S3 or generic server. You
literally just need a URL that serves
the latest version file.
Could be a S3 bucket or your own VPS.
The simplest upgrade for your Dropbox
app, you could actually use something
like S3 bucket or static file app
checks.
Okay, so I got plenty of servers gang.
So I got you everywhere. I got like
three, four, five. They ambitious. So,
let me go ahead and let me let you tell
me how to update this specific quant app
here to
do what Discord does and just looks for
update and updates it. Okay, let's go
ahead and give her this first. I'm going
to go up to the quant app here.
Catch up on that conversation here and
then you can see down here what I want
you to do. Okay, shorty. Thank you.
So, let's go ahead and bring this on
over here to this AI. Okay,
lick momentum
RP. Okay,
>> RP looks good, too, though.
>> I don't care how good you are in
anything. You don't have discipline. You
ain't nobody,
>> right? You're nothing without
discipline. Cuz you give up on the
slightest struggle without discipline.
>> 100%. I mean, discipline is doing what
you hate to do, but do it like you love
it.
>> Doing what you hate to do, but do it
like you love it. That's That is a great
quote.
>> Mhm.
>> And if you can do that, you could be
successful in anything.
>> No, you normally are.
>> All right. Same questions, but for this
one instead, because this one looks
pretty Gucci.
Okay, so let's go here and see what's
Gucci over here.
Um,
okay. Mundave, here's the full picture.
Your setup is actually 90% there. Here's
what you need. Electron updator already
installed, wired up. Okay. What Discord
does what you do instead of provider
GitHub, you switch provider generic
endpoint. Okay, that's literally it the
setup on your server. Engineix serves a
folder DMG. You build locally, then SCP
or resync the disk files to that server.
Electron updater checks the URL on app
launch. Compares versions, downloads if
newer.
Swap the publish block
your own server.
So build artifacts electron updater.
That's the whole thing. Want me to plan
this out? No, I actually don't want to
do this right now, but
yeah, give me a whole plan step by step
and I'll just copy it and save it on a
note sheet and then we'll go ahead and
uh do that later.
For now, we'll do it the o old way. So,
let's look into this because I do want
to set up this third one before I delete
the everything.
the hell is this so long for?
So lick momentum RP reverse protection.
Okay, I see same core logic this three
but instead solving bad entries with
time delay. It's filtering out bad
entries before. Okay. Okay, this is
actually good. I want to try this one
out because I did have good data on it.
I just didn't run it long enough. Okay,
go ahead and set this on account two and
then send me the full link path back in
order so I can run it. Okay.
So, we did a lot of this work prior and
now I'm just uh cooking up. So, let's go
ahead and say account two for this one.
10 left. And let's just change this so
it's um one two three instead of one 32
because that's confusing to me. Dude, I
don't know about you, but here's the
whole path. Okay. Copy path. Let's run
it. Wait, hold on. Hold on. Can you
double check that it's using 95% of
balance as well? Thank you. And then
what is the stop loss
and take profit? Yeah, we need to go
deeper on this, but I'll get all that
here set up and then we'll be on our
third bot of today being set up and then
I'll have more data for tomorrow and
we're just going to keep iterating,
iterating, iterating. Every single day
is just a step further in life. Yes.
Every single day we're just getting
better and better. Yes. Every single day
it's another opportunity to step on the
gas. Yes.
Every single day.
Every single day we can do something
bigger and bigger, better and better.
Better and better. Wetter and wetter. I
love this game.
Just get a lock in. Every single day you
sleep and then you get hella energy and
then you get a lock back in. Let's get
it. 3 4 9 Okay,
so V here. 349.
349 349 349 349 349 Okay, position 95
take profit stop loss. Beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful. Okay, let's go
ahead and run it, dude. Python.
Okay, let's say Tflow, bro. Tlow. And
then we're going to say CD
CD CD. Not you, girl.
Python, run it, son it.
Count two. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Beautiful. Okay, so we got three bots
running. One, two, three. One, two,
three.
One, two, three. One, two, three.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful, dude.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful cooking.
Okay, so now what is the question? I got
some big things for you. I got some big
things.
Okay, let's go ahead and get this dock
here first and foremost because this is
interesting and I will eventually update
it.
Let's copy this here.
Okay, auto update. So, let's go ahead
and say note sheet auto update for
Moondev app.
Moondev app auto update plan and paste
that slop up in there and let her slop
all over it. Okay. So now what I want
you to do is build a new version in the
disc folder and that should be for
Windows and DMG. So, .exe and DMG. And
then go ahead and remove the old
versions and make sure this is a new
version number. And the disc folder
should just have those two versions. And
I can go ahead and send them to the
gang.
So, you do have the app already. You
should at least. It's in the chat.
And if you don't, then that's okay. But
you're going to get a new one anyways.
You're going to get a new one here. So,
welcome to the crew. Welcome to the fam.
Welcome to the Welcome to the version
1.36 now. Okay. 1.36
1.777
All
right, we got two new versions here. So,
let me go ahead and get those in the um
in the uh what you want to call it the
drive now. I guess we use Google Drive.
Yeah. No, no, I actually just switched
to Google Google Drive because they give
me the most terabytes.
So, as many of you already have access
to, which is sweet. You can see in the
Google Drive, I have 2.2 terabytes of my
past streams here. So, YouTube made me
pull down most of my streams because I'm
going too hard and taking all of their
money from their investors. Wall Street.
No, I'm just kidding. But, um, anyways,
I really had to take down a thousand
streams. So, I put them in this drive
here. So, that led me to starting to use
Google Drive a little more because they
give me five terabytes of data. while
Dropbox, which I'm pretty loyal to
Dropbox. If you've been around me for a
while, you know I'm a Dropbox boomer,
dude.
But, you know, it is what it is. You're
not going to give me five giggies. Five
TBs. I need five TBS. Not giggies.
I need five TB's.
You're not going to give it to me, then
I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't
mess with you no more. I'm sorry.
Sorry. Okay. So you can see here I got
the Mundv app section here and this is
the the app that everybody has access to
if you're here on the live Zoom. I try
to just give you guys more than than you
expected.
Well, I guess I put it on the front page
as well. So I guess you do expect it,
but
you do expect it at this point, but you
know, like a bonus. A bonus.
So Marissa, how are you first off? Good
morning. 777. Thank you. So, let's go
here and say I've always I've always
wondered about this. Why is there two
two different files for the
the exes? Like, why is there a setup
file and a regular file? Which one do I
distribute? It's so weird to me. Why are
there two?
You know, it's something that truly
exists in all of us. It's very simple.
This is what I believe
and I'm willing to die for it.
>> Period.
So this is an NSIS creates a star
banning shortcut adds uninstaller.
It's what Discord Slack does. Portable.
No install. No start menu. No installer.
Oh, it's messier.
You're building both because Electron
Yaml.
Okay. So, I got to put this one in there
and then remove this one.
Move to trash. Okay. So, new quant app.
Who this? Let's go ahead and make that
uh
announcement here. You can see our
members area here. Um inside of Quant
app, inside of the
Discord, you can get access to this. And
I want to go to Moonv app here.
New version here. New version here.
Looks like there's a little thing I need
to fix here,
but let's go ahead and get this done
first.
I think it's like this https
moon.comquantapps
slashd download.
And then it looks like there's a little
bug somebody's running into. So I'll
just fix that right now because why not?
So what's his bug? Um he says when I try
to download open hollow close from no
matter what the download is complete but
nothing comes download. Okay thank you.
That is a good error. So 5 minutes
download. Download complete. So that is
an error. So let's fix it.
So on the data tab when I click download
it says download complete but then
there's no
it doesn't actually download the file.
So it should download the file as well.
This is on the data tab of co app. Okay.
Please fix it.
I'm actually going to remove this
version then.
I'm just going to fix that.
Let's go ahead and cook both of these
real quick.
Delete. Move to trash.
I got to make sure. I said I wasn't
going to add more to this, but I keep
adding.
But every time I add something,
something else breaks and then it's just
like more work for me. So, I got to make
sure I'm gonna start subtracting. I'mma
start subtracting.
I'm going start subtracting. can do it.
I have to
What's up, baby girl? Okay, she's still
cooking on that.
All right. So, here's what we did. So,
let's see if this works.
Full reset, she said. Okay.
Please go ahead and launch the app.
All
right, we got it. Let's see.
That's also something I want to do. I
think I'm going to cook some of this
stuff, dude.
So, I want to go ahead and update the
API
to not track
um
HIPP3 stuff
or make it separate more make it more
separate.
Okay, so I'm going to do that after. So
code here.
Let's go to data here. Download
So on the
data tab, I get this error. Now when I
try to download data, if it's something
that the server needs to work on, send
me back the full details to send to
them.
See the points are working now.
Okay, I'm actually going to have the
server start working on something here.
I've got the server right here. So, can
you talk to me about how the HIP close
to liquidations are working positions?
Essentially, they're getting convoluted
inside of my crypto ones. I need to make
sure that these are entirely separate in
their API calls. So, make sure to
separate them. So, we do not pull where
we we have our crypto ones and then we
have our uh HIP3 ones. And also we can
call the separate crypto ones alone, but
we need to split those apart because
what's happening right now is some of my
apps are pulling in uh HIPP3 stuff when
they're really just wanting crypto
stuff. So if we keep these even further
apart, then it'll be better. So go ahead
and uh make that update and then send me
back the updates to the uh how to use
this and then I'll update the docs as
well. Thank you.
H I saw some new people come in here.
So, hello to you guys. Welcome. Much
love to you.
The app code is fine. The API is right
200, but it doesn't recognize. Okay, so
let's go ahead here and get this done
next. This is a server side issue. The
API call itself succeeds. No error
thrown, but the response body is this
mundave.com/data
downloader download.
And then how do you do this again?
Oh, he's a [__] data dog. That's what
he is.
Here's the uh
here's the console. So, go ahead and
send me the full prompt I should send to
the server to fix it. He's a danc
skill is only developed by hours and
hours and hours of beating on your
craft.
>> Hours and hours and hours beating on
your craft. That's the only way to make
it, gang. And you know that. You know
that, dude. You know that. Come on, lock
in. If you're in the public, get into
the private because we're about to put
you on an ad for who knows how long.
Dude, there's so much I have to show you
here today. every single day I'm live,
but I do private lives in Zoom now. So,
if you want to chat with me and you want
to see all the code, you can see like
some of the code is blocked from your
screen. I just block it with this little
thing here. Um, the reason is I got
hacked the other day and it's because
some I showed something on my screen.
So, there are prying eyes that I can't I
can't let see everything. You can still
listen to me, of course, and you'll get
some uh you know, there'll be some
breaks that you won't be able to see
everything, right? Um, I'll I'll keep
the live open for YouTube, but there's
going to be a block on my screen and
there's going to be um these segments
where I tell you about jumping into the
private stream because if you jump into
the private stream, there's a link. It's
at mundav.com and you're going to get an
API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that
I built here and this is a direct node
and you literally can't get this data
anywhere else besides the API key that I
drop in the live stream. So you can see
I'm able to see all liquidation levels.
I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations.
I'm able to see OKX liquidations,
everybody's liquidations. I'm able to
watch HLP. HLP is Hyperliquid's market
maker. I get to see every single one of
their trades. I also get to see every
single um win loss analysis of every
single trader. So you can see this is
trade history of anybody. So, I can just
call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and
see exactly what trades they've made and
when they're making trades. This is
stuff, this is like a institutional
grade API that will cost more than
$1,000 per month and you actually get
access when you join one of my live
streams. So, every live stream I put
down an API key, but not only that, you
also get the full replay. Everybody
wants replays of my lives and you get a
full free replay. All you have to do is
go to moonondev.com and you're going to
get a replay of yesterday's stream,
which was $5, and today's stream. So,
it's just five bucks and you get all of
that, but you also get this API key. And
I said this is going to be $1,000 plus
per month. You can see I have a smart
money call. So, things that Wall Street
is looking at, I we can all see with
this API key. It's Hyperlid's data layer
that I built because I believe uh it
needs a better API in order to call
things faster. I was building out the
quant app here that is essentially
looking at people's liquidations and I
ran into the problem like I need this
data faster. So I launched a node and
then I made it available for everybody
that comes into the zooms each day. But
again they're private zooms only because
I've got people that are watching my
screen looking for me to drop a key,
drop a AP I, whatever and just some sort
of vulnerability. I got hacked so I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh you can see my stats
there. Uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my five years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on
YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a
small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So, I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I I know exactly when they're
entering, when they're exiting, where
they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls
that will go ahead and just keep me uh
into the know of what they're doing.
Plus, every other trader on Hyperlquid.
Hyperlquid opened up the financial
system for the entire world. And before
this, there was no way for us to see
where people get liquidated. So, based
off of this premise, I've built some
really great automated trading
strategies. And since I am here now
building for the public, building for
those 40x hand traders, I built the
quant app and I'm using that
and I'll be sending a new quant app here
in a second.
Talk to me about this. Talk to me about
this. Did Anthropic just drop some
courses here? I think they did. Go ahead
and uh explain what those courses are
about AI and why we should take them.
I'm very curious to take a course from
Anthropic because I want to know where
I'm at. Like does this make sense? Like
do is it going to be easy for us? Is it
going to be hard? That's what I'm
curious about cuz we're locked. But you
know, Anthropics the builder. They're
the builder. You know, we're just like
they're little
builder builder guys. Little little
builders.
We're the little builders.
We're just their little builders.
There we go. So, we got a new version.
Who this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But come on,
shorty. Come on, shorty. go ahead and uh
start it up first off and then send me
the full documentations for these
updates so I can send it to my doc team.
Okay. And then let's get the doc team
going. Where you at? Where are you, sir?
Where are you? Documentation for
Hyperlquid data layer API. Okay, there
she is. So, I got some new I got some
new documentations for you. Please go
ahead and update them. We made some
changes here, but I think they're
backwards compatible. Here are all of
the instructions. First off, go test
them to make sure that you can
separately get the positions for crypto
and then hyper or HIP3 in different uh
mechanisms. I mean separately. Okay,
that was the big problem we were having.
We wanted them to be separate and
they're not. So, we went ahead and we
made them separate. So, I want you to go
ahead and test them and then if they
work, go ahead and update the
documentation as well. Thank you. And
I'm talking about your examples in the
docs here. And then um yeah,
so once she's done with that, then I'll
go ahead and send it on over to the
moon.com/doccks
page, which you guys have access to.
All right, so let's go ahead and see
what they dropped here. So 13 free
courses, certificates included. So like
I said, and they dropped it yesterday.
Really? How do I know this so fast? How
did How am I on it? So, how do I know
that if it was dropped yesterday?
There's no way. No way it was dropped
yesterday. No way. No way.
13 free courses, zero dollars, and
certificates included. They launched
Anthropic Academy with 13 self-paced
courses across multiple Trisies. No payw
wall, no paid subscription, just an
email sign up. But guess what, dude? I'm
going to go ahead and I'm going to do
the courses and then you have to buy
them for me. How about that? Pay walls.
Pay walls only. I'm just kidding, dude.
You're here. You're locked. You're going
to watch it here with me. And if you
want to watch it, then let's watch it.
But if not, then I hope it's watching. I
hope it's not [__] reading. I hope
it's not reading. Is it reading? We'll
see. Self-paced, no pay wall, the
courses by track, the basics, prompting,
conversations, file uploads, projects.
Good starting point for anyone.
Developer builder track, cloud code in
action, CLI automation. I think we're
going to get some secrets out of here.
Building with the API, full API guide,
introduction to agent skills, MCP is
going to be interesting. Intro to MCP.
Building MCP servers and clients from
scratch in Python. MCP advanced topics.
Okay. AI fluency here. Education bundle.
AI fluency framework and foundations. AI
fluency for students. AI fluency for
educators.
AI teaching AI fluency enterprise cloud.
Not doing that one. Sorry. Why you
should care. The cloud code in action
building with cloud API and MCP courses
are heavy hitters for for us. MCP is how
you build custom tool integrations. And
the API course covers everything needed
to build autonomous agents which is
exactly the kind of stuff we're doing
with the Solana copy trader. The
advisory board is stacked as well.
Chaired by Rick Leaven, which is a Yale
president, former curse Corsera CEO
and with people from Stanford and Rice
University. I love Rice, dude. I'll put
[__] ter.
>> You want a pair of shoes and at the
store? They're really at the store. You
just don't have it yet. It ain't like
that [__] don't exist. It's just really
at the store. That's how I looked at my
whole life. If I want it, if I believe I
can have it, then that's my reality.
>> I love rice, bro. I grew up on that
[__]
Rice, dude. Rice. Rice, salmon, and
broccoli. That's what my ate every day.
Do you, bro. Do you. I'm just trying to
eat some rice with a little teriyak
sauce on it. Not the thick stuff either.
You got to have that Northwest teriyaki
sauce. Dude, this You know what I'm
talking about? Anybody know what I'm
talking about? The watery teriyak sauce.
So much better than that sticky
California teriyak sauce. That thick
yuck, dude. Yuck.
Yuck, dude. Yuck.
Okay. So, she's up here cooking um the
she's testing out our new end points
here.
Nice. So, we should be good to go here.
So you can see here the
the position scanner now generates
separate JSON outputs for crypto
perpetual positions and HIPP3s in
addition to existing combined files.
This allows consumers to pull only the
data they want.
New endpoint here positions.json JSON
crypto HIPP3. All
beautiful. Beautiful. Okay. So sick. So
I'm going to go ahead and tell the
problem to her.
Honestly, what did we do right now?
So HIPP3
HIPP3.
So, Mundev API
updates for HIPP3
separation.
Continue. Okay. So, perfect. Let's go
ahead here and say, hey, we updated the
way we get positions for the trade tab.
So, my current problem is when I'm
sorted by crypto right now, we still see
HIP3 stuff like XYZ, gold, etc., etc. So
what I did is on the server I split
those out entirely. So if we're looking
at all
then it will call the all endpoint. If
we're looking at crypto only it will
call the crypto endpoint. If we're
looking at HIPP3 only we'll call the
HIPP3 endpoint. Okay. So we'll need to
make the drop downs in our uh trade
longs near Lake appropriate to that.
Another thing I noticed here is that
the top section of the
dropdown, remember those are our most
recent.
So, we'll have all as the No, we'll have
crypto as the default, all is the
second, and then we'll go ahead and have
our uh most recents there in the top.
So, if I were to go click hype and then
I come back 3 days later and I haven't
clicked anything else, the hype should
be at the top. If I click XRP, for some
god knows reason, I would ever click
that and then it would be at the top. It
would be at recents. You know, we have
room for five recents and then all in
crypto. Crypto and all. Crypto is the
default. We're only going to look at
crypto by default when you come to the
app. Okay. But you could switch to all.
That would be crypto and HLP HIP. And
then I can the the next five that are in
bold are just your recents. So if there
aren't any recents, there aren't going
to be any others listed there. Uh you
can see you could scroll down and pick
any of the symbols you want to look at.
But we just need to update these things
with this code in order to keep things
separate, a little separator, more
separate. And you can see how the
updates are here. And then go ahead and
just cook that up. Okay. Thank you, sir.
And I apologize, this has nothing to do
with the data tab. This is the trade
top. I know I just switched on you, but
what the hell he happened here?
You good?
All done. Here's the summary. Okay,
let's say get ad dot get add dot get
commit slashm
update to position tracking on API.
Okay.
Get push. Okay. And then here,
let's copy this over. And now we got to
go to the mundave. dash here
and I'm over here already.
Moonab.com/doccks.
We have some updates to the way we call
positions now. Please go ahead and
update those documentations on
mundave.com/doccks
for the changes. It should be backwards
compatible, but we're adding these new
separations in here to make it much
cleaner. Thank you.
All right. What's up, bro?
Pawn app here.
Bring her down here.
So on the data tab, we had this error
that was essentially making it so when
we downloaded data, it said it was
downloaded, but it never downloaded. So
we fixed it. It was a server side issue.
The server now says it's good. So go
ahead and test it yourself and then
update the things in order to um make
sure it works in the app. Do not restart
the app. I will restart it. I'm working
on something else, too. So
I love this. I love this game, dude. I
love this game. I'm just so grateful to
play. Thanks for coming through. Much
love to you. 777.
The watery kind is absolutely better
than the sticky kind for sure.
Is this live or pre-recorded? This is
pre-recorded.
This is a pre-recorded live stream
pre-recorded live stream. Right now is
actually Sunday, February 2nd. So if
you're here and it's not Sunday,
February 2nd, it's pre-recorded.
Let's go ahead and check out what Art
posted cuz Art always has fire.
>> I hope everyone had a nice break
and welcome back to the end of the
world. Can I get like some [__]
synopsis on a
>> So, as you know, World War II has
started. United States and Israel have
start to attack Iran.
And we are now in the fourth day of this
war. And we can expect this war to last
for many weeks, possibly also for many
years. But I promise you that after this
war is done,
>> he predicted the war. Okay.
This video is predictive history uses
game theory to analyze geopolitical
situation of the hypothetical
or real-time conflict in the US. Okay.
The decapitation strike targeting the
GCC. Are we in a war right now? Are we
in a war right now here? Uh March 3rd. I
know there's some like some [__] flying
off around Dubai and stuff and
[__] you know, there's some
[__] going on Twitter. I haven't been on
Twitter and much so I don't know what
really is going on. Give me a TLDDR.
What's happening here March 3? Are we
cooked?
Are we cooked? Big war. Big war's
happening right now. Deep sight. You're
saying there's a big war right now?
What? What are you talking about?
There's a war going on.
As of March 3rd, the situation is
escalating rapidly into what is being
described as the start of major
conflict. Here is the TLDDR based on the
current developments.
The current state of war, day four of
the conflict. We are currently in the
fourth day of a war initiated by the
United States and Israel against Iran.
Jesus, dude,
we're in a war.
I hope everybody's all right.
Golden Oil going up.
Decapitation strike. The conflict began
with a strike in Tabron that killed the
Supreme Leader of Iran. Damn, dude.
While the West claims this was a
surgical military success, Iran is
framing it as a religious Marty drum.
The spark of total war. Chaos in Dubai
and the GCC. Missile strikes. Iran has
retaliated by attacking the Gulf. GCC.
>> I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill.
>> Dubai airport's closed.
>> You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me. But if we get
on the treadmill together, right,
there's two things. You're getting off
first or I'm going to die.
>> It's really that simple.
>> Thank you. Thank you, Art. Thank good to
be back. Good to be back. I cooked. I
cooked this weekend and then I was bored
yesterday. So, I'm like, "Yeah, I'm not
going to just be bored over here. I'm
going to lock in with you guys." And
yeah, we're not going to do that. We're
not going back to the retired life,
dude. That [__] sucks. To be honest,
retired life is not the business. And I
know if you haven't been there, you want
it so bad. But enjoy the journey, man.
And I know that's just corny cliche
[__] but enjoy the journey because you
you get a sweet sweet taste of retired
life and you're going to be bored of it
fast
and you're going to want to cook. And
that's all I want to do, dude. I just
want to keep building. Build, baby,
build. Learn, baby, learn. Come on. Keep
learning and keep building. So, um,
missile strike has retaliated. So,
Iran's retaliated. Dubai airports
closed. The straight of hormones. Iran
has moved to close the straight of
Hormos
Hormos. This blocks 20% of the world's
oil supply. Damn.
US financial impact. The ultimate goal
of the strike on GCC is to bankrupt the
American empire by collapsing the petro
dollar and stopping the flow. The
ultimate goal of the strikes on the GCC
is to bankrupt what is it? World War II.
There's a significant concern that this
will expand Europe. Wait, wait, what?
They're trying to bankrupt the West.
Tell me more about that.
Tell me more about that. Short and
concise, gang. What the hell? They're
trying to bankrupt us.
Iran bombing Israel look like bottle
rockets trying to get in. Damn.
The strategy to bankrupt the West
centers on dismantling the petro dollar.
the financial resilience on the Gulf
Coop uh cooperation council council
breaking the pro dollar. The US dollar's
value is largely supported by the global
requirement to buy oil using USD
by attacking GCC oil infrastructure and
closing the straight of Hormos. Iran
aims to disrupt this cycle, effectively
devaluing the American currency,
collapsing the stock market. GCC nations
like Saudi Arabia and the UAE are
massive investors in the US stock
market, specifically in major tech and
AI companies. The plan is to force these
nations to stop investing and instead
spend their resources on survival and
defense, targeting the growth engine.
Because a small group of US tech
companies accounts for a huge portion of
the stock market growth, a sudden
withdrawal of Gulf capital would likely
trigger an economic depression in
America.
AWS affected by missile strikes. No way.
Asia bought 30% of our physical gold.
There's nothing whatsoever to back our
weak weakness of the dollar. 777, dude.
Damn. For real? So we're we're in war
right now, huh?
This is war. It's been war. I called war
a long time ago, bro. I called war a
long time ago. I said December. This is
war. It's war time, baby. Just lock in.
Lock in. They ain't going to save you. I
ain't going to save you. I'm trying to
eat. I'm trying to eat. Oh, there's
blood in the streets. All red. All red.
All red. That gets me excited.
That gets me excited.
It's time to eat, boys and girls.
It's an economic war now.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Interesting. Interesting
stuff.
War. War time, baby. It's war time.
I hope there's not a lot of casualties.
How How are the casualties doing? We
good? Everybody staying safe?
Okay. So you can see here
all files pass. Okay. Syntax. Okay.
Preload. Okay. Non-crypto symbols. Okay.
Okay. We should be Gucci here. And then
down here.
This should be fixed as well. Okay. I
think we should be fixed on both of
those. Let's close it. And um
Okay. So, and then I have to send this
to the docs team. Okay. And then gosh,
dude. So many AIs just cooking all day.
Launch app.
Already learning about the lifetime. Got
some friends willing to help me. Thanks,
brother. You're welcome. My pleasure.
I'm glad that's helpful for you.
Glad it's helpful. I'm glad it's
helpful. I'm glad you're part of the
crew.
Okay. So, you can see now crypto
beautiful HIP3.
There we go, buddy.
All
crypto.
There we go, dog. 37 million. Damn.
That's a big dog.
Oh,
that's a big dog, dude. with hype.
Okay. Does that work? Still recent.
There we go. It's fine. Hype here.
25 30.4. Damn, some big licks coming
through here. And let's go see what's
going on in these markets here. It says,
as you guys said, it's treacherous.
Okay. So, that was already I guess that
news of the war has been hitting for the
last few days or something. I don't
know. When did the war start?
You said it was day four of the war,
right? So, it started what? 4 days ago.
Oh my god. You actually get you get
brain dead if you use too much AI. I
swear to God.
As of March 3rd, the human cost of the
conflict has become devast devastatingly
clear. It is currently on the fourth
day. Staying safe has become nearly
impossible for many in the region. Damn,
dude. Damn.
787 people died.
There's kids dying.
That's crazy, dude.
Oh man, that's bad vibes, bro. It's day
four of the conflict. The opening shots
were fired Saturday, February 28th.
Decapitation strike. Does that mean they
cut his head off?
Damn, dude. I'm just going to lock in.
I'm just going to lock in. [__] this war
stuff, dude.
I'm at war.
How is it related to quant research is
the question. I think it's pretty pretty
pretty well related
if uh the markets are
moving based off of this
war regime
for real.
All right. So,
USD debasement trade. So, gold is what
somebody was saying. Damn, gold is down
atrociously.
What the hell?
Oh. Oh. Oh, maybe somebody wasn't saying
gold. Maybe they were saying oil.
So, what is oil? It's CL, right?
Crypto, stocks, futures, crude oil. Oh.
8%.
Holy hell, dude.
Tuesday.
Oh my god. People made billions of
dollars off this.
That was today.
Last night.
Holy moly, bro.
Oil. Anybody trade in oil?
cuz you're rich now.
Gambit. Okay.
Where do you trade this at, by the way?
Gates FX.
Never heard of it.
Forex broker. Okay.
All right.
Looks good to me.
>> Yes, sir. America is allowed 500x. No
way.
Jesus, dude. Gary,
it's a lot of levy.
That's a lot of leverage for a young cat
like you.
I think that's too much. I think you got
to slow down.
That's too much for you, big dog.
That's way too much.
>> Damn it. Anything we could think is
real.
>> And if it's not, we could create it.
See, that's the gift we were given to
evolve,
advance, create.
I create my own world.
>> Jesus. He said 100 to 3K over an hour.
God,
>> good move, dude. Touche. All right,
let's put CL on here because this looks
like it's important to watch these days
during a war.
So, they are Okay, synapse this for me,
please. They are What is the trade?
So, short and concise, what's the trade
here? I mean, if they're cutting off the
whatever oil supply, then oil must go
up, right? But obviously, that's a
little priced in already. Um,
yeah. Over the next two weeks, two
months, how do we identify the biggest
trades here? Be short and concise,
though.
Let's see if this works now.
Download failed still, huh? Okay, let's
go ahead and fix it
up here.
on the data tab here. Uh we made some
updates and we still get this error. So
let me know if it's server side or your
side. It says it uh this is the console.
You can see it's Gucci, but
oil short three weeks from now.
Three weeks. How are you so precise,
gang? How the hell do you know that?
How are you so precise? I mean, you've
been cooking for years now, so I see
you, big dog. I see you, Gambit. I'mma
listen. I'mma listen to what you're
saying.
Then boom, long. He said, "Three weeks
short. Oil short three weeks from now."
Then boom, long. Okay. So, the trade
here is to play on supply shock and
sovereign divestment. Since the first
order move oil jumping 80 to 83 is
already happening, you need to look at
the second and third order effects over
the next two to eight weeks. The
hormone's choke shipping and energy long
oil gas extended.
Analysts see Brent hitting 100.
Brent, who the [__] is Brent hitting 120
to 150, the straight remains physically
blocked for 30 days. What's the update?
Tell me more about that straight. When
did it get blocked and what is their
plan and how long will they block it
for? Essentially, it looks like oil is
going to go up until they unblock it,
right? So, how do I how do I know first?
What does Brent crude mean?
I don't know what that means. Maybe that
means oil.
Okay.
Long freight and tanker rates.
The pet petro dollar divorce
short mag seven leaders.
[__] that.
How about I buy mag 7 till the day I
die?
Here's what I change the desktop app
instead of passing.
Okay, let's go ahead and cook this up as
well. So, I need this. Okay, let's go
fix that.
All right, you can see referring back to
the data downloader, we're going to need
something like this so we can download
it.
So short. Okay. Tell me more about the
straight. The straight is hormones is uh
of Tuesday, March 3rd. Okay. Is
effectively paralyzed. Here's the
lowdown of what's happening. When did
they get blocked? February 28th after
the initial US. Okay. What's their plan?
Iran's goal is economic
deterrence. They can't win a
controversial or conventional bluewater
naval war against the US. So, they're
using GPS jamming and spoofing drone
swarms. The goal, bankrupt the West by
stopping the flow of 21 millions a
barrel per day. That's crazy, dude. Are
they really trying to bankrupt the West?
You're looking at Alpha. It hits Twitter
first.
Oil is already up 83 to a 14month high.
The real money has made. If it breaks
90, which triggers algorithmic buying
towards 100, would you like me to
monitor this?
I mean,
so if it breaks 80 is what you're saying
or 90? She said 90. She said 90. Okay,
done. The new endpoint is live. Okay,
let's go ahead and let her cook on that
then. So, here you go, Shorty.
Here you go. Yo, it's shorty. Yeah, we
went ahead and updated. Go ahead and
make your updates you need to make as
well. Let's go ahead and make sure this
works. Data
data dog. Okay. So,
okay. Futures are sketch as [__] Sketch
as [__] First off,
you just can get cooked. You can just
get absolutely cooked.
Everything looks good. The flow is
already wired up.
Go ahead and refresh here. Command R.
Okay, it almost works, bro.
Let's go to the code tab again.
Grab this little joint right here.
Yo, it almost worked, dude. Like, you
can see that it says all this, but then
I look at my data folder, my downloads
folder, and it's not there. So,
I mean,
what's up?
Oh, it's because I already had a folder
of that. I already had that file. So
essentially, if they already have that
file, just put a uh parenthesis one on
it, you know. So I think it's because I
called that before, so it just didn't
send it. But now it works. So when I
change the hourly so far, dude, thank
you.
Okay, so I did get this data. Let's see
if it's actually working here.
[__] it is. Okay, so you can get data
on Mundave app. What else can you get on
the Moon Dev app? You can get it all.
It's free, too. For you guys.
Futures 1,00 tick or 15 seconds. You'll
have a better time.
NQ data. No NQ data. No, unfortunately,
deep, I'm sorry. NQ data, expensive
data, but you could use Interactive
Brokers for free.
Also another good place is uh data
bento. It's you have to pay for it. But
if you don't want to interact with
brokers account then
let's go ahead and refresh this gang
gang gang.
So let's go say 6 hours. Let's say um
50 weeks. Also, I noticed this, bro. We
can have much more weeks than that.
So, go back to the code tab. Claude,
cook it up.
If you want socks gamma levels, I'll get
a indie made.
What's that mean? An indicator. What's
socks level? Hey, so um can you go ahead
here and
>> be more data, right, bro?
It might be more than that. I don't
think so.
>> If they put a number that's bigger than
that, that's okay. We'll grab as much as
we can get. If I put a,000 weeks, bro,
for BTC, I should get 1,000 weeks of
data. You know, we already have that.
That's 10 years and we got all that.
This is on the data tab. SPX. Okay.
Gamma levels. What the hell? SPX gamma
levels. What are those? Short and
concise. Somebody says they want to
build an indicator for that. And I know
he's a data dog, so I'm interested.
Oh yeah, I love this flow, dude. I love
this flow. I love this flow a lot.
Mundave with his app cooking four six qu
six clock holes at what? Okay, remove
this. Okay, max. Beautiful. Okay, so if
you want to put a,000 requested. Okay,
let's go here. S&P gamma levels are
price levels for the S&P where market
makers deals dealers have significant
option exposure. Okay. Okay,
that makes sense. Gamma flip zero gamma.
The price where dealers switch from
positive to negative gamma. Uh above it,
dealers dampen moves, sell rallies, buy
dips. Below it, dealers amplify moves.
Call. Okay.
So we can see the call the put walls.
That's nice.
What data would you recommend after open
close volume?
That's a good question, dude.
This sounds like um
you know using options data you can
you can get some insights. I don't trade
futures or options, but it seems
interesting to look at like I know these
zero DTE are kind of moving the market
these days. So, they might be able to
give you some hints on how to trade. I
mean, if you're trading what
futures on
SPY, you could look at the spy options
of the zerodes
making things very volatile these days.
Look at that option data. I don't know.
I don't do it, but I think there's some
interesting option data you can look at.
All right, I got to do like a two minute
stretch, bro.
Oh, man.
Stretch yourself. Stretch yourself.
stretch yourself and you live longer,
dude. Cuz that's what it's about now.
It's about being as productive as
possible and living longer cuz we all
got the ideas and we all got the code
now.
Oh gosh.
Little hamstring stretch as well. I got
lifetime. Nice
meth IQ. You got meth IQ, bro.
I get some of that meth IQ.
Pedabyte drive. Damn.
Enter Q. Uh, there's this one LLM
overlay I recently heard of called
Dexter. Haven't tried it yet. It is
described as Claude Code for Financial
Research. Yo, thank you, Tuna. That's
some fire in the chat.
Just getting a quick little hamstring
stretch in.
That's all good. I don't know about you,
but when I when I stretch my uh hip
flexors and hamstrings, it literally
opens up my whole back and my whole body
just feels better. Those two stretches
right there, hamstrings and hip flexors,
goatated.
Literally make you feel like a new man
or a woman, whatever you you prefer.
Thank you. Share the Dexter link.
Let's give that a quick peek here. Holy
moly. We could have made a million
dollars already, dude. [__]
Okay. Okay. So, Dexter is an autonomous
financial research agent that thinks,
plans, and learns as it works. It
performs analysis using task planning,
self-reflection, and real-time market
data. Think CL code but built for
financial
the financial industry.
Okay, I'mma put this on my list. Dude,
this looks like uh something I need to
look into at some point. Gian DJ, good
to see you, bro.
Okay, I want to spend a little bit of
time here going over um Oh, let's see if
this works.
Wait, I didn't get a negative point
on the quant app. The 15-minute thing.
The two minutes dropped down and I had
one point and it didn't make it go to
zero. Remember, you're supposed to
subtract points when you hit the
negative the 2 minutes fast timer. And
it won't go past zero, meaning it won't
go negative. But if I have two points
and then I miss the two-minut timer,
then it goes down to one point. It shows
negative one. Like it's a penalty. It's
like lock in, [__]
Zero isn't a number. Okay,
tell me that again and I'll [__]
roast you for a year.
You ever tell me that zero is not a
number?
[__] please.
[__] please. I don't give a [__] if
it's not a number. It's absolutely a
[__] number.
It's absolutely a [__] number. I
don't need any of that nerd [__] around
here. Get up out of here with that. Zero
is not a number. Okay,
I get technically it's not a number, but
it's [__] number. It's a [__]
number. That's like something you say at
a [__] [__] third grade
cafeteria. Well, zero is not a number.
Technically, zero is not a number.
Technically, I'm supposed to have my
customer support voice on here.
Technically, I shouldn't say [__] you.
zero isn't a number. It's [__] the
biggest number. It's zero.
Uh,
so what I want to do while she's cooking
this up is I want to go over to Claude.
Claude, what was it called? Claude jar
or some [__]
Claude
open jar or something. Claude
courses.
Is this it? I don't think this is it.
This has to be it though. AI fluency.
Yeah, this is it.
Introduction to agent skills.
And then also I seen these two things
the other day and I want to look into
both of them.
You're not. Here are three skills that
you should get started with using right
now. First one is GSD. This is
self-explanator. Anybody used GSD
before?
GSD clawed skill. It's not [__]
self-explanatory. First off, buddy, it's
not self-explanatory. I promise you, you
are going to significantly multiply your
output if you start using this skill.
Next on the list, it Gambit. How do you
like that, bro? How do you like GSD?
Then Ora superpowers.
I don't use many skills, but it seems
like they're fire.
>> Is superpowers paired with GSD. You are
literally putting your cloud code on
steroids.
>> Damn, dude. You love it. I love to hear
that.
Plus this. Okay. And then this is what's
the
>> last but not least is the create skill
skill. This is actually a game changer
because you're going to have many late
night and early morning vibing sessions
where you're going to be thinking, "Man,
I really don't want to do that again."
Okay, skill creator skill.
Yo, I don't know if you guys have done
this before, but for everybody that uses
Tik Tok, you know how it's just brain
rot like trash TV.
I actually pulled up reals the other day
and I was like, "Yeah, this is so much
better, dude." Because I'm seeing these
[__] talk about Claude. I'm
seeing like actual
things that are helpful, videos that are
helpful. So, if I ever catch myself
scrolling, I'm going to be scrolling
Instagram reels from here on because I
think Marky Mark knows how to target a
little better than Tik Tok does. Tik Tok
does, but they're like trying to brain.
have to in a business like this
just keep making
things better, keep improving the system
because other parts of it are going to
wear out after a while. People will
catch on to this or they'll catch on to
that. So you you just have to like in
any business in any business you just
have to make things better and better
and better because that's what everyone
else is doing.
>> That's what everybody else is going to
do.
>> All right. CL memory and this is where
all the memories are actually
>> claw memory. I think that this has been
used a lot by art tail but do you guys
use claw memory
>> and is it fire
>> stored? This memory skill is structured
very differently to your average skill
where normally in a skill you would just
have a folder that has a bunch of files
and maybe scripts in it. Whereas this
memory skill is actually a tree of
branching folders that you can keep
going down deeper into to get to more
niche and specific memories. Skill two
is called REM sleep, which tells Claude
Code to deploy a background sub agent to
read the transcript.
>> REM to sleep. It says it right there,
dude.
Yo, what's the number one skill that you
use? Is anybody using skills?
What's your favorite one? Oh [__] we
could have lost a billion by now.
See, this is crazy. And this like a
thousandx leverage or something crazy
like that.
Not a thousand, but it's a lot.
C Renco. Okay. I coded my own CL me
skill that follows the projects I'm
working on. Okay.
What's the number one skill that I
should use?
Rams and recall
>> of the conversation that you've been
having with it and store all that
information somewhere in the memory
skill. Skill three is called recall.
This tells Claude Code to deploy a
background sub agent.
>> Okay, so recall. I'm gonna build this uh
skill sheet out.
And it seems like nobody's using skills
right now.
Are they trash?
Clad skills. I'm making a sheet for
that. RBI skills. Okay,
let's get it.
Claude skills. Are they trash or no? Yo,
are Claude skills trash or you know I
know you're Claude, so you're not going
to say they're trash, but are they
useful right now? These are the top six
I've had so far and nobody could tell me
anything is sick. So are they actually
far?
Design front end. I thought I already
installed this plugin.
That's a thing, dude.
I already installed, gang. Why don't you
Why don't you lock in?
RBI. I find them useful. Okay. What's
your favorite one? What's your most
useful one?
Come on. Drop the sauce. Drop the sauce.
What the dog doing?
What the doggy?
Polygon skills.
Okay.
30 minutes of video. Okay, I'm glad it's
video course.
>> This is actually what we need to do
right now. Just do it.
The hell is this?
What the hell is this old school [__] I
have to put my whole [__] name in
this. Yeah, right, dude.
Password. [__] I can't use that one
now.
Sign up.
Okay, this is going to be clawed
forces.
Anthropic skill draw. Okay, that's the
thing I was looking for. Skill draw.
Okay, what are skills? Course overview
start.
because I honestly can barely tell you
what skills to use. So, I need to take
this course. I do a lot of articles and
I have several special skills that
proofread.
Optimize for SEO. Okay, that's fire.
Optimizing for SEO. I like that. All
following the same skill script. Okay.
Does SEO still work these days, by the
way? I like the idea of having AI do SEO
for you.
Skills are folders of instructions and
resources
that Cloud Code can discover and use to
handle tasks more accurately. Each skill
lives in skill.md.
The description is how Claude decides
whether to use a skill. Okay, so we did
dive into skills a few months ago. A
couple months ago, I don't know, man. H
what time? It's time. [__] time.
Okay. So, I remember that
where skills live. Okay. You got the
personal, the project skills. I do have
skills. Huh. Wait, hold up. Hold up.
Hold up. What did we do? Uh,
investigating
Claude skills.
So,
what type of skills do I have currently
set up here? I think I already have
them. SEO work still. Change your pass.
Why?
You saw my password or something.
You need to see my password.
What's the password then? What's the
password? What's the password?
I only got one skill and it's front end
design. I thought I built these. It
records and yes, I'll go look. Okay,
thank you.
You still sent me on a [__] loop last
week, so I still kind of hate you for
that. But Gambit said there's a huge
vulnerability in your Discord.
And then I was like, "Okay, what is it?"
And then he was like just saying a bunch
of stuff and then he wouldn't tell me
what the vulnerability was, the
security. So I was like, "Okay, bro. Can
you tell me?" He's like, "DM me. Get on
a call. Get on a call." I was like,
"Nah, dude. I don't do calls. I do a
call all day." And he's like, "Get on a
call with me. I'll tell you. I'll tell
you." And then finally, he's like, "All
right, I'll show you." And DMs. And then
I DM'd him and we literally went back
and forth for an hour, an hour texting
back and forth. And he wouldn't tell me
what the problem was. And then
eventually he told me that any Zoom call
could be hacked. And it's like, I give a
[__] about these Zoom links, dude.
Somebody gets in here free. Could you
hack the Zoom, dude? You think I give a
[__] about that? Scaring me with a
[__] vulnerability in the
Discord inside of our stuff saying scare
baiting me, dude. People do that so
often.
Jane does that [__] too. She scare
baits.
Gambit was scare baiting me to get me on
a call. Like I'm not doing a call with
anybody. You should see the companies in
my inbox. I'm not doing a call with them
either. They want a call, get on here. I
took a call with you guys, a couple
calls with you guys last week, and I'll
never get on a call ever again because
I'm just too far ahead. You're never
going to catch up. I want to get you up
to speed. I do, but if you're cooked,
you're cooked.
Every time you explain your team's
coding standards to Claude, you're
repeating yourself.
>> Every PR review, you redescribe how you
want feedback structured. every
>> I can't watch this because it's going to
get um
give me a copyright. So, the video
introduces skills reusable markdown
files that Claude uses
to specific tasks automatically instead
of repeating instructions every time you
ask him. Okay, we understand skills. You
write a skill once and Claude applies it
whenever the task comes up. The video
covers what skills are, where they live,
and how they compute. Key takeaways.
Okay, skills are folders of instructions
that Claude code can discover and use
the to handle tasks more accurately.
Each skill lives in skill.md file with a
name and description of its in its front
matter.
Claude uses a description to match
skills to request. When you ask Claude
to do something, it compares your
request against available skill
descriptions and activates the ones that
match. Personal skills. Okay.
Project skills inside a repository and
are shared with anyone who clones it.
So, follows you across all projects. So,
that's what I'll probably use, but I
could see how this would be useful as
well. skills load on demand unlike
claude.md which loads into
>> you have to in a business like this
just keep making
things better keep improving the system
because other parts of it are going to
wear out after a while people will catch
on to this or they'll catch on to that.
So you you just have to like in any
business in any business you just have
to make things better and better and
better cuz that's what everyone else is
everybody else going to do. Skills are
loaded on demand unlike cloud.md which
loads into every conversation or slash
commands which require explicit
invocation. Skills activate
automatically when Claude recognizes the
situation.
If you find yourself explaining the same
thing to Claude repeatedly, that's a
skill waiting to be written.
Every time you explain your team's
coding standards to Claude, you're
repeating yourself back. Every PR,
you redescribed how you want feedback
structured. Every commit message, you
remind Claude of your preferred format.
Okay. What skills are? Skills are
folders of instructions and resources
that Claude code can discover and use to
handle tasks more accurately. Each skill
lives in skill.md. Okay. The description
is how Claude decides whether to use a
skill. So skills are essentially a bunch
of MD files that you have a description
at the top and it's like, yo, check
these skills. See if they're going to
help. If they help, dive deeper into
these skills. So it's a way to extend
your clawed AI in order to have you
don't have to repeat yourself over and
over and over again.
The descriptions, how they decide when
to use what, where skills live. You got
your personal, your project. Okay.
Skills vers Claude MD versus slash
command. Okay. Claude has several ways
to customize behavior. Skills are unique
because they're automatic and task
specific. Here's how they compare.
CloudMD
loads into every convo. If you want
cloud to always use TypeScript strict
mode, then you put it into CloudMD.
Skills load on demand when they match
your request.
That makes sense. When to use skills?
skills work best for specialized
knowledge that applies to specific
tasks. Code review standards, commit
message, okay, yada yada, documentation,
debugging, okay, lesson reflection.
Think about your most recent interaction
with cloud code. Which instructions did
you find yourself repeating? How might a
skill have saved you time? Consider your
team's workflow.
Gambit says he put it. What's the
password, bro? Send me the password. DM
me. DM me the password.
I appreciate you looking looking over my
back, bro. Appreciate you.
Throw it in the chat. Throw it in the
chat. Direct message me the password. I
just want to make sure that you actually
have my password. If you do, then I'll
go ahead and um even send me the la the
first or second last numbers.
Nah, bro. You're trolling. You're
trolling again. You're doing the exact
same [__] you did last week. So, I'm
going to shut that [__] down ASAP.
You're doing the exact same thing. Exact
same thing. If you need my attention,
I'm happy to give you the attention,
bro. But, um, you know, I need people
that are direct with me. Like, if you
saw my password, tell me the [__]
password. If you didn't, then don't say
you did.
You know, like if you saw my password,
you could just tell me the password
then.
Let me get my laptop. I'm not too
familiar with phone zoom. One second.
Like you didn't see my password then.
That's the exact same thing we did on
Friday, bro. I literally spent an hour
chatting with you trying to get the
thing. You you baited me with your whole
like, hey, there's a there's a security
vulnerability inside of your Discord.
You need to fix it. And then I spent an
hour trying to get it out of you. And
then you said that Zoom can be hacked.
And it's like, okay, well, if you just
wanted to talk to me for an hour, you
could have just said that.
What's next? In the next lesson, you'll
create your first skill from scratch and
learn how Cloud Code discovers, matches,
and loads skills behind the scenes. As
you progress through the course, we'd
love to hear how you're using skills in
your work.
Creating your first skill, estimated
time. By the end of this lesson, you'll
be able to create a skill from scratch.
Test and verify. Creating your first
skill,
visual diagrams, and analogies.
>> They did that on purpose, by the way.
This sound in the background.
SOP docs. Yeah, exactly.
They put this sound in the background so
we couldn't couldn't watch it on stream.
Um, this video walks through building a
skill from scratch, a personal PR
description skill that works across all
your projects.
Okay, we understand how to use skills, I
think.
So, you can see the description and the
name of the skill here.
And then this is what you say, your SOP
pretty much. That was a good analogy.
Deep sight. The name identifies your
skill. The description tells Claude when
to use it.
Testing your skill,
how skill mastering works. Okay, I'll
just try to keep skills more top of
mind. And you know, like Art said, an
RBI skill, it's fire
configuration and multi-kill files.
I mean, skills must be fire if they put
it here at the the front of their
course.
But speaking of courses, you know, I
closed the lifetime. And guess what?
We're back, but an entire different
approach to this. So, if you missed the
first lifetime, you do have another
chance. But let me go ahead and explain
it real quick because we are ending here
uh soon. I will answer all questions in
the chat and I'll probably keep going
after this. So, here's the whole
explanation of what you're going to get.
It's an entire different offer now. Um,
as I had to close the last one. Algo
Trade Camp, you're going to get step by
step how to automate your trading. Over
the next six weeks, I'm going to show
you step by step. I'm going to hold your
hand through short, concise videos,
exactly how to automate your trading so
you can go ahead and work on systems
that will work for you 24/7, 365 while
you're not in front of your computer.
You also get the AI master classes. So,
Algo Trade Camp is revolutionary. You
can check it out online. Google the
reviews. $3,000 value obviously because
I'm pulling you through the process.
that took me five years to figure out
and saving you 5 years worth of time.
So, you get that that's going to show
you exactly how to automate your trading
even if you've never coded in your life.
On top of that, you get the AI master
classes that are going to show you step
by step how to use AI to do all the
heavy lifting. So, if you don't know how
to code right now, it's okay. You didn't
see me code once today. I was here for
three hours with you and I didn't code
once. It's crazy. But, I've been
cooking. I've been coding. It's just not
me. It's the AI. So, it's pretty
powerful. I'll get you caught up to
speed with me there. Also, I spent like
a year on building these Solana bots
out. I show you exactly how to build on
Solana step by step and on Poly Market
step by step. So, those are $1,500 and
$2,000 value. This is a value of $7,000
easy. On top of that, you're going to
get all Zoom calls forever.
You can do that math, right? If it's $5
to $20 every single day for a Zoom
private Zoom, if you want in forever,
you can get in forever.
And then on top of that, this is
Quantite. Quantite. I've been putting
code up for the last four or five years.
Every single week, the best thing I
find, I put in a quantite. There's 300
plus bots and back tests in there right
now that you can go ahead and start
learning from immediately. So, people
pay $300 a month for this and this
discount is for them. So, if you've
already joined the boot camp or you're
part of Quantite paying $300 a month,
you can see why you pay for it, right?
because you have hundreds of back tests
and hundreds of bots here that can help
you just accelerate so much faster. So,
that's why people pay so much for it.
$3,500 a year. You can see why this is a
$13,000 value. It's lifetime access to
everything, but I also throw in the
Mundv vault. The Mundev Vault is where I
put in all of my past videos that
YouTube made me take down. So, if you
ever want to dive deep into any of these
sections, you can see everything in the
vault. That's two terabytes of videos in
there. But you also get the API key. You
might have sampled it today, but if you
want a lifetime access to the API key,
you also get liquidation data on that
API. It's $10,000 value because if you
go to Coin Glass right now, they'll
charge you 900 a month for 12 days of
data. I give you 18 months of
liquidation data plus everything you see
on moon.com/doccks.
On top of that, I give you my GitHub
trading by GitHub. I've been cooking for
multiple years now. Everything in there
is yours immediately. and the AI agent
GitHub. So, I got my Swarm agent in
there. I've got my RBI agent. These are
two $5,000 values at the minimum. At the
minimum. I mean, how much value would
you give a GitHub to you where you've
been cooking, chasing Jim Simons for
five years, probably more than 5Gs. On
top of that, I'm going to give you coin
app access, now known as Mundev app. You
saw Mundavev app. I'm able to see
everybody's positions. They can't get
away from me. Wall Street can see your
positions, but now you can see their
positions, too, if you have the Moondev
app. and we are we have updated it here
today. So, let me go ahead and make sure
that that new version is pushed. Go
ahead and make sure that you push the
newest version of the Mundev app. Go
ahead and remove the others from the
disc folder and put this newest one in
there. Thank you. So, I'm always
cooking. I'm always adding to it.
Anything that I find I add into
Quantite. Anything good I find is in
Quantite. The structure that's going to
hold your hand step by step in the
process of automating your trading is
Algo Trade Camp. AI master classes get
you caught up to speed with me when it
comes to using AI. So Lana, I think it's
important to be able to trade on any
exchange. That's how you become a real
quant. Be able to trade on chain. Be
able to trade on poly market. Use the
algo trade camp to be able to build for
any crypto exchange. Use the AI agent or
the my trading by GitHub here to build
on.
>> It's been real. Don't get involved if
you ain't going to die for it. Take
this. I bought some hollow tips for your
homeboy. built on interactive brokers
that gives you access to futures,
stocks, whatever you're trying to trade.
I think it's important to join this algo
trade camp to learn exactly how to be an
autonomous trader for the rest of your
life. You never want to use emotions.
It's a $48,000 value, but I'm not going
to charge all that. I should charge
$24,000. I really should at least get
you on a phone call, drag it out, 45
minute call, have your setter set you up
first, get on two phone calls, and then
sell you this for $12,000. Because in
reality, if this saves you 5 years of
time, isn't that worth $12,000 to you?
Yes, of course. I've already made all
the mistakes and figured out all the
secrets, so I just give them to you in
the go trade camp.
This would be an appropriate price, too.
But I'm going to knock your socks off.
And as I said, that old offer is gone. I
closed it. This is the new offer. If you
want in, that's not correct. It's not
freaking correct, bro. It's not correct.
That offer is gone. Moonab.com/go.
$17.95, one payment or two payments of
949. You see exactly what you get. Um,
there's a 90-day money back guarantee as
well. No questions asked. So, you see
everything you get. It's at moon.com/go.
If you do want to jump in, feel free. If
not, that's okay. You want to get caught
up to speed with me? That's where you're
going to learn absolutely everything.
You get the algo trade camp that is
going to show you step by step how to
automate your trading. You get the AI
master classes.
Like I said, the old offer is gone. I
closed it and that one's not coming
back. So, if you want in, this is your
only option. And uh this gets you
everything. It makes it easy for you and
me. Everything I have to offer you, you
get in a lifetime all access. Never pay
me for anything ever again. lifetime all
access. Plus, on top of that, you have
90 days to decide. So, if you're on the
fence right now, definitely just jump in
and then know that you have 90 days to
decide. It makes you an informed buyer.
Right. When I was buying that
PlayStation 5, I didn't know if I wanted
it until she told me that they would
take back a half eaten hot dog. I was
like, "Yeah, I'm going to buy it. See if
I like it and I'll keep it if so." And
the first time I did that, I returned
it. Second time, I kept it. So, get your
money back. If it's not for you, it's 90
days, no questions asked. That means you
can jump in and learn everything over
the next six weeks. And if it's not
absolutely worth it to you, you can get
your money back.
That's why this isn't a cost. This is an
investment. It's an investment in a new
way of trading. Then it's a good
investment for you as well because
there's a 90-day money back guarantee.
That's rock solid. You could see
hundreds of people have gone through
this just like you. They found me
somewhere on the internet and they said,
"Hey, I want to lock in on your Zoom and
see what you're doing and this is super
interesting. So, let me go ahead and
jump in and actually do this for myself.
I'm chasing Jim Simons, the $31 billion
man, and everything I figure out gets
dropped into the lifetime all access in
the Quant Elite section. People are
paying $3,500 a year for that. So, if
you're one of them, make sure to upgrade
to this now. This package was built for
you. Anybody else that's seeing this is
just extremely extremely lucky. And a
lot of people I know are weird with
money. Like they need to hoard it. But
money is good, dude. Money is just a
tool so you can unlock knowledge. You
ask Jeff Bezos, you ask Mark Zuckerberg,
all these guys buy books or courses to
learn because what you're doing when you
buy a book or a course is you're buying
your time back. I told you that one time
I bought a course for $2,000 and I
didn't have it. But this guy was two
years ahead of me in in building mobile
apps without knowing how to code. So I
bought his knowledge and then I ran up
millions off that. So I'm a big believer
in if somebody knows something you don't
know, you better buy that. So if I'm
five years ahead of you in automated
trading and I'm giving you this offer
that will not be here forever, you
better buy that because it's an
investment. It's an investment in a new
way of trading for you. That's cool. One
of my bots I set up watching you is
pretty profitable thanks to you.
And we all have disposable income. Money
does replenish. And you know that you
put a little money out and for good
things. You get at least knowledge back,
but it's usually revolutionary. If
you're trading by hand using emotions
right now, you're going to lose all of
your money. So, you might as well
reallocate some of that cash, some of
that extra income you have in order to
put it into something that will change
your trading forever. You'll never have
to stare at the charts again. How often
did I look at the charts today? Not very
often. And we've all got bad habits. I
did it again, dude. I'm like addicted to
Uber Eats. If I just cleaned up my Uber
Eats habit, this would be paid off in a
couple weeks. So, I'm sure you've got
habits that you're just spending money
on things that that don't give you
anything back.
This gives you something back. It gives
you five years of knowledge. You know, I
spent 2,000 on two years of knowledge
from someone
and I was able to run it up because he
knew something I didn't know. I know
five years of things you don't know. So,
if I could spend 2K when I have no cash,
I had no money. I put it on a credit
card.
If I could spend 2K when I was a kid and
I proved to myself that I ran it up
based off of his knowledge, that's why
I'm a big believer in buying your time
back, buying knowledge. And the broke
boys, they're going to be like, "Oh, he
can't sell a course, yada yada."
Literally, every one of your mentors and
idols has bought a course and learned
from books and learned from other people
because they value their time. So, if
you value your time
more than $1,800, if you value five
years of your time more than $1,800,
then you should definitely jump in right
now. You can see it could be one payment
or it could be two payments or you can
just get the algo trade camp. So, it's
not going to get all the bonuses, but
you can see what real people have to say
here. And, you know, you might be
thinking, oh, I could just do this with
AI. I've been doing this with AI. I've
been doing this with AI since AI dropped
last month of 2022, right? They were
calling me just a AI coder. I know the
most about how to apply AI to this
industry and I'll get you caught up to
speed with me step by step, short,
concise videos. It's us versus Wall
Street, dude. So, if you want to be part
of our squad, jump in because there's
hundreds of us chasing Jim Simons. And
you can say goodbye to those old ways of
trading where you'd stare at the charts
all day just to lose money. And that's
the thing that sucks about trading. You
can't just work harder. You can't. You
have to work smarter. You have to
approach trading in a different way. You
look at Jane Street, you look at
Renaissance, you look at Jim Simons,
they're all automated traders.
So, just go to mundave.com/go,
click that pay now, and you can join
right here.
Super simple. There are plenty ways to
pay. A lot of people ask me, can you pay
in crypto? Yes, click the crypto button.
Can I use credit or debit card? Yes, you
could use the card button or can I get
payments on this? If you're in the
United States, you're very fortunate
that you can get CLA 86 bucks a month.
That's pretty good. To learn everything
I know about automated trading, go to
mundab.com/go.
Click that button. If you have
questions, let me know in the chat. Or
if you need payments, there's a payment
option as well. Two payments. That's
pretty good deal. So, I believe code's a
great equalizer and I want you to be an
asset to our community. So, I'm going to
give you absolutely everything I know
and you can see hundreds of people just
like yourself that are curious data
dogs. You guys found me somehow. So, big
ups to you. Really,
I just want you to say goodbye to that
painful, anxietyridden way of life that
you might be living right now. Trading
by hand, staring at the charts. It's
just sad, dude. It's a waste of time. We
all have lost so much money. This guy
said he spent thousands of BS systems
strategies over the years. It's really
nice someone to get your own procedure.
You know, you have two options at this
point. You just locked in for three
hours. You're clearly interested in this
stuff. My bot is making money, so get to
coding and stop losing. Clearly
interested. Don't be a dabbler. One of
those people that spends 2, three hours
with me and then just goes back to hand
trading and then looks back later that
day like, damn, I got liquidated. I
should have just jumped in. You will
never get liquidated again. That's the
thing. Bots, they don't get liquidated.
People that are getting liquidated are
people because they have emotions. They
didn't they didn't respect their
stop-loss. They didn't take profit when
they should have. How many times have
you been in a position where you could
have taken profit and then you just lost
it all?
You know, if you got questions, I'll
answer all the questions here uh in the
chat. You do have some time to go to
mundave.comgo
and know that I'm here every single day.
I said I was going to be gone for a
month, dude, and I was gone for three
days.
I was gone for three days. AI is
accelerating. I'm getting a month worth
of work done in three days.
That's crazy.
So, I'm going to keep stepping on the
gas. I'm going to keep accelerating. I
want you to say goodbye to the old way
of trading because I'm just a regular
dude that was inspired by another
regular dude that was trading a billion
dollars per day. But that's the thing
that I needed. I needed to see a regular
person like myself have success with
this. So now I'm just showing absolutely
everything along the way because you can
see genuine founder, great content. I'm
just trying to be honest here and show
you who I really am. I'm just a
hardworking guy. But at the end of the
day, the more you trade, the less you
have. The harder you work at trading,
the less you have. You're going to trade
more. The harder you work. If you're a
hardworking person, trading by hand is
literally a sin. It's just the worst
thing you could ever do with your time
because if you're a hardworking person,
you're going to trade more and if you
trade more, you're going to lose more.
You're going to have more opportunities
to be put on tilt.
Only trade systems that you know
actually work in the past. Now, the
process I teach you in this algo trade
camp is showing you step by step how to
automate your trading from scratch.
From scratch, dude. So, if you guys have
questions, let me know. afraid to die on
a treadmill.
>> You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me. But if we get
on a treadmill together, right? There's
two things. You're getting off first or
I'm going to die.
>> What up, Wishy?
>> It's really that simple.
>> Wishy Wishy's up in this. Bishy Bishy,
how you doing, bro? I'mma throw the key
in for you guys just in case you were
late like Wishy. He He got He on that
BPT in he on that BPT. CPT, will the
Zoom from today and past Zooms be
available to current members?
Yeah, I put it um I put the Zoom the
replays in this section right here. So,
let's go here. Um
the Zoom replays when you get into the
boot camp, it's here in the live events
here. So, I just post them there and I
might miss a day or two. February 26, I
think that's the latest one. February
25th, February 24th. So, you can just
scroll through here and see all the
replays.
I just processed them after this and
then put replays in there. So, if you
are a member of this, if you do join
today, you'll have all the replays from
the past Zooms. You'll also get the
Mundev Vault. The Mundev Vault has like
replays from last year, year before,
things that like are not shown anywhere
on the internet. Dude,
some of this stuff is crazy.
Is it beneficial if you're a long
investor and not a trader? Absolutely.
Absolutely. If I was just a long
investor, and I used to be. I used to be
a long investor, but I would have
systems running for my long investments.
For example, if I don't know what you're
trading, but let's say Bitcoin. If
you're a long investor in Bitcoin, god,
I wish I would have been able to talk to
um
Michael Sailor before he was a crazy guy
and just bought Bitcoin. If you're a
long investor and you're a long only and
you apply algorithms to that, you will
absolutely crush because the more you
trade, the less you have. And that even
goes for automated trading. So, the
people that are going to come in here
and try to be high frequency traders
right away, they they're going to have a
harder time than somebody that's like,
"Okay, I'm going to trade a few times
per month." Or, in your case, a long
investor, I would sit here and as a long
investor, I would set up a bot that just
buys the capitulations
because, you know, there's capitulations
five, six times a year. So if I was long
only
Bitcoin investor or Amazon investor or
one of these big companies investors, I
would just wait for the days kind of
like these weeks, you know, these weeks
with the all the um the war stuff. Okay,
let's have let's have the long buy
forevers go off when everybody else is
panicking. And if you do that over the
course of the next year, two years, 5
years, you are going to accumulate way
more than anybody else that just buys
right now because like Michael Sailor,
he's buying up here. But literally all
you had to do was build a capitulation
bot. How do you build a capitulation
bot? In the API that I give you access
to, I give you all liquidation. So you
see a massive liquidation on BTC. Okay,
instead of buying up here, let's buy
that massive liquidation. Now, you're
still directional, right? But you're a
long investor. So, you've already made
your decision that you want to long
forever.
I don't know. I think I think like back
in my long investment days, if I if I
had bots trade for me, stop it, dude.
Yeah, dude. Random tuna. I am a fully
algorithmic trader. So, my process is
this. And this is in the road map as
well. Um, but I think it's important for
everybody to understand this my process.
Uh, mundab.com/roadmap
here. And I start with research. So I'm
either doing one of these three things
each day. So I'm either researching new
ideas from books, papers, yada yada, or
back testing to see if they actually
work in the past. We did a couple back
tests today. And then if they're
profitable, then I go ahead and I
incubate them small size. And you saw me
launch three incubations today. And I
keep those incubated bots on my screen
because then I can fix the errors once I
once they've proven to me that they're
good. I put them on a server. So I
personally use Cherry servers, but it
doesn't matter. It's just a VPS server.
They're all commodities. Uh I use Cherry
servers, but this is not an ad for
cherry servers. I don't give a f what
server you use. VPS servers, Contabo,
Hetner, you know, all of them are
commodities and you can just essentially
replicate what you have on your
computer. For example, this bot right
here, if proves to me it does well in
the incubation stage, I'll go ahead and
put it on a server. And there's multiple
reasons I do that. Obvious number one
reason, I live in Puerto Rico and the
power goes off. But number two, which is
debatably much more important, is so I
don't tinker with them. I've already
gone through my incubation period. I
know that the back tests work and I know
it works in the future. So, and then
also I know that there's no bugs. So,
that's what I really like about the
incubation period is yes, we're testing
for profitability, but also like we're
building. We're building. We're always
going to have bugs. So, I incubate here
on screen and if it does well, then I
just launch it on a server. That's very
intimidating sounding, but setting up a
server is like two seconds. It's very
easy and I show you step by step how to
do that here in the lifetime offer. So
you can see hundreds of people have come
through here just like yourself and if
you have questions I'm here to answer
them. You can see it's one payment of
1795. You got to look at that as an
investment and a new way of trading. And
just remember you have 90 days to check
it out. So you can literally go consume
all of the content and just say goodbye
to hand trading forever. There's so much
pain involved in that. You're wasting
your time. You're wasting your life. And
I think we all know that the boot camp
was the kick in the ass that I needed.
And we all know money comes back and it
just continuously replenishes. Just make
sure you put use that money as a tool, a
tool to unlock knowledge. If you always
use your money as a tool to unlock
knowledge and time, you're going to be
so much further ahead of anybody else. I
took 15 courses in order to learn how to
code. That's how serious I am about
courses, dude. If you know something I
don't know, I'm an idiot if I don't buy
it from you. So, what I wanted to do
when I put together a course, I wanted
to make it feel extra stupid of you to
not join. You literally have 90 days to
decide after you join. You get to see
what's in there. You get to be an
informed buyer. And let's be honest, we
all have bad habits that can literally
if you cut those bad habits out, which
you probably are trying to do right now,
then this is nothing. For me, I'm I'm
actively trying to not hit order at the
end of the night on Uber Eats and Door
Dash. I'm actively trying to do that.
I'm paying 40, 50 bucks every single
night for some weak food that I could
make for five bucks. I'm actively trying
to do that. So, if I just cut that Uber
Eats addiction, then in under a month,
I've already paid this off and I got a
skill that would have taken me five
years to figure out. That's the thing.
So, if you value your time, this is a
no-brainer. Now, if you don't value your
time and you would go work a $5 an hour
job, obviously this isn't going to be
for you. If your time's only worth $5 an
hour, it's still worth it. Actually, if
you do the math there, $5 an hour over
five years, it's still worth it. So, I
was trying to I was trying to be on your
side. I was trying to be on the excuse
maker side because we know that there's
a bunch of excuse makers in here.
There's money makers that end up joining
the members area and then there's excuse
makers that will literally come to these
zooms for three hours, participate, be
like, "This is so cool. This is exactly
what I need. I need to automate my
trading because I'm emotional." But
those excuse makers will log off right
now and not join. Even though there's a
90-day money back guarantee, it's free.
It's pretty much free. I'm paying you at
this point, dude. I'm paying you. I'm
paying you, dude, because I'm giving you
five years of secrets that you literally
will never be able to figure out unless
you join.
And if you join, you get caught to speak
with me. Everything I know, you know.
And that's the whole point because I've
got a really, really good team here.
Really, really great team of members
here. And we're all chasing Jim Simons
together. And you can see this chat just
goes all day long, all day, every day.
We're helping each other out. We're
coming up with ideas. We're sharing and
it just goes all day for years on end.
Just just the community alone is worth
it. Just being around others that are
chasing the same dream as you is worth
it, dude.
Just getting the algo trade camp,
learning exactly how to automate your
trading is worth it. So, I just made it
so not only are you getting the algo
trade camp, I'm showing you step by step
how to become a powerful automated
trader, a quant for the rest of your
life. You don't have to be all goofy
anymore and be like somebody asks you
what do you do and and you're like a I'm
a I'm a trader and then they're just
thinking in their head oh gambler. You
don't have to be goofy like that anymore
dude. You can say I'm a quant and
they're going to be like whoa you're a
quant.
So starting today you can become a quant
if you'd like. You know that you have
some disposable income and you also have
some bad habits. So use that disposable
income as a key to unlock knowledge.
Unlock 5 years of your life. It's 5
years of my life compressed into a few
weeks of yours.
That alone is worth it. Just learning
how to use AI to build for you for the
rest of your life. You could build
anything for the rest of your life. Just
that is worth it. Just being able to
build on Solana. If Solana comes back,
dude, those were the craziest times
we've ever had here. Just that alone is
worth it.
You want to see the vault? You want to
see those videos of those crazy times,
dude? You'll see some X's. You'll see
some X's. You'll see some crazy stuff in
this vault. Just that is worth it. So,
what I
>> imagine you had everything you wanted.
Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be
and capture that feeling.
>> That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
>> I tried to make each and every one of
these points worth it.
And I think it's very clear that the
algo tree camp is absolutely worth the
entry price. It's revolutionary. You've
seen all of these people have success
with it. All of these people. And if you
could go from hand trader to automated
trader, that's worth $1,800. The AI
master classes, I would argue they're
worth $1,800 as well. I mean, the
things, like I said, I was supposed to
be gone for a month, dude. But the
things that are inside the AI master
class, let me get that done in three
days in a weekend. It's crazy. Salana
copybot course. That alone is worth it.
You saw a 40x this morning. I showed you
a 40x
off the literal bot that I show you how
to build. Now, nothing's plug-andplay. I
don't want to get like over excited here
and say like you're going to plug and
play and make a billion dollars
overnight because you're not. This is
hard work, but I make it so much easier.
So, if you value five years of time,
feel free to jump in. That's
moondev.com/go.
You see there's plenty of payment
options here. You can see that you could
use credit, cash, CLA, Google Pay,
crypto, whatever you want, dude. Um, I
know we all have excuses. We all have
reasons we can't do something. I've been
told since I was a seventh grader that
I'm trash. I can't do anything. She held
me back. My home room teacher said, "I'm
not going to I'm not going to make it
around here." She held me back. That set
me up for a life of, damn, these adults
don't even believe I can do something.
But it just put a chip on my shoulder.
And ever since then, if somebody tells
me I can't do something, I just figure
out how and I show them how. So, shout
out to Jane. On top of that, you get the
API key. This alone is worth it. Of
course, this is a $1,000 a month API
key. So, this is lifetime access. You
pay one time forever.
One time forever. You never have to pay
again. You get both of my GitHubs, each
individually worth the entire price.
Quant app access. This is going to be
$1,000 a month as well. So, if you have
questions, feel free to let me know in
the chat. I'll spend some time answering
your questions here.
I'm new to trading. Wouldn't my time be
better putting towards effort and
coding, automate my training, or is it
worth it to really learn how to trade
first and coding on the side? I can't do
both at the same time is what I've
learned. I would learn coding first
because if you learn Okay, I Okay,
you're already determined to be a
trader. I wouldn't become a trader if I
was not a trader. And if I was
determined to become a trader, the only
[__] way I would become a trader is
if I'm doing 100% automated trading.
Just just so you know, trading is set up
in a way that you know, why are there
red light? Why are there red and green?
Why are there flashing lights? This is
all set up in a way to speed you up.
Just like walking into the casino with
all the slot machines are built in a way
to make it fun and speed you up and have
you play more. And that's exactly what
these slot machines are. They're
literally slot machines. So if you are
determined to become a trader, which I
would never promote to anybody to become
a trader, I think if you are a trader,
you have to automate it or stop trading.
I think trading is very very bad use of
time as a hand trader because you
literally will torch five t years
staring at these charts torch so many
relationships torch so much time and
then just lose money. So if you are
determined to become a trader the only
way I would trade is a quantitative
approach.
So if you do become a trader dude I
challenge you to never put in a [__]
hand trade dude. never put it in a hand
trade because once you start it's hard
to stop and it took me years to get to a
place where I I
finally convinced myself to stop trading
by hand and just go fully automated. So
you you think about coding first and yes
dude the thing is is even if trading
doesn't work out for you if you start
with coding then you have a skill for
the rest of your life. You could build
anything for the rest of your life.
What was I doing before this?
Oh, I was doing uh Claude. Um,
of course.
But I better close this before I have to
[__] say that I'm yapping for an
hour.
I would learn coding and statistical
perspective. There we go. What's up,
Alex? How are you? Moon's back. Moon's
back.
Which trading house do you use? Uh, you
like to Roth or do you trade in? I I'm a
crypto trader.
I'm a crypto trader and I don't pay
taxes. So, I can't I can't help with
either of those. I do pay taxes. I just
have a very nice tax structure here
where I live. So, I pay taxes. Make that
very clear.
I just uh for I don't have capital gains
or short-term gains gains short or
long-term short or long-term capital
gains. I don't have those where I live.
Um,
so I can't answer that about the Roth
and whatnot. I'm also not a financial
advisor. So
amazing VPS servers. Didn't know about
it. We'll look into them. Yes, dude.
Nice. I'm glad you learned about VPS's
today. Those were gamechanging for me.
What was Moon eating? What do you mean?
What was I eating?
I agree on the community. It's worth the
lifetime. There we go. See, I did
lifetime Zoom calls, too. Nice. All
right, guys. Got to drop. Catch you on
the next one. We'll be refocusing. You
guys have the link now. Uh we'll
reconvene on the next one. Let me know
if you uh I don't know. Yeah, if you got
any last minute questions, feel free to
ask them. But, uh you have the
everything today. I tried to cut this to
not go too far over. I went 22 minutes
over, but uh mundave.com/go
is where you join if you do want to take
me up on this. If not, that's um
interesting. But much love to you either
either way and you have the link. You
have
a beautiful day ahead of you and I
believe in you. Much love to you. Thank
you so much for coming through today and
I hope that you just have the best day
ever. Peace, fam.